HeroBannerImage
Something to Chew On
Live and on-demand webinars exploring the latest in food
testing research
See presentations
1 2 3
Ensure Food Safety and Quality with Food Contact Materials Testing
Food contact materials testing is done to ensure that chemical contaminants present in food packaging
materials don’t leach from contact materials into foods. Food contact materials include plastics, paper,
metal cans, ceramics, glass, and even wood, along with adhesives, sealants, glues, resins, inks, and
dyes. You've worked hard to ensure the quality and safety of your food products; make sure that your
efforts don't get undermined with food packaging materials that don't meet your standards. Ensure
overall food safety and quality and demonstrate regulatory compliance with Agilent food contact
materials testing solutions.
Contact Us
Analyzing PFAS in Milk, Infant Formula & Related
Food Ingredients with LC-MS/MS
In this webinar, Lukas Vaclavik, Technical Manager of Eurofins Food
Integrity & Innovation, discusses current trends associated with the analysis
of PFAS in food using cutting-edge LC-MS/MS instrumentation. This
webinar also reveals how LC-MS/MS can be applied for the evaluation of
other food contact materials in challenging matrices, such as milk and
infant formula.
Watch presentation
Phthalates Analysis with Method GB 5009.271-2016
Phthalate analysis is vital for food safety and quality, as exposing
consumers to these compounds can be harmful because some are
carcinogenic. This application note describes how the Agilent 8890 GC
paired with an Agilent 5977B MSD is effective in the analysis of phthalates
in accordance with Chinese national food safety standard method GB
5009.271-2016. Results demonstrate the superior repeatability and
sensitivity of this coupled system.Read now
Does Your Bamboo Coffee Cup Give Off Melamine?
This application note discusses food contact materials testing for bamboo
in disposable paper coffee cups. These cups are typically made from
melamine-formaldehyde resin and bamboo fibers, which can release
melamine upon contact with food. The HILIC analysis of melamine using the
1260 Infinity II Prime LC System shows excellent precision and linearity.
Read now
Determination of Primary Assessment of Bisphenol A Analysis of TiO2 Nanoparticles
Aromatic Amines by LC/MS/MS Specific Migration in Foods in Foods
Food contact materials testing of 22 Method for rapid (<10 minutes) Analysis of the food contact material
primary aromatic amines (PAAs) in determination of Bisphenol A in the TiO2 nanoparticles in foods and
cooking utensils, using a fast and internal and external coating of food and toothpaste by spICP-MS that overcomes
sensitive LC/MS/MS method. beverage cans. isobaric and matrix interferants.
Read now Read now Read now
Additional Resources
Simplify Your Comprehensive Extractables and Leachables Screening
60-Second Screening of Foods Using the Agilent QuickProbe GC/MS SystemRelated Products
6475 Triple Quadrupole 1260 Infinity II LC System 8890 GC System 5977C GC/MSD
LC/MS
For HPLC or UHPLC applications, Exceeds uptime and performance The most reliable and
A smart, sensitive, and versatile with a pressure range up to 600 bar expectations with built-in trusted single
LC/MS/MS system for routine and flow rates up to 10 mL/min. intelligence and remote access. quadrupole GC/MS
analysis that maximizes uptime ... instrument
Category: LC/MS Instruments Category: HPLC Systems Category: GC Systems Category: GC/MS
Instruments
 
1 - 4 of 7 results 1 2
We’re here to help you with your food & beverage testing applications.
Visit our Contact page to connect with an Agilent representative. You can also sign up to receive the
latest information from Agilent related to food & beverage applications, including educational events,
webinars, products and more.
Request more information
DE44434.6291666667