Agilent
Agilent’s 2022 ESG Report
Trusted AnswersTable of Contents
CEO Letter 3
Our Company 4
FY 2022 Highlights 5
Our ESG Approach 10
Materiality Assessment 11
Stakeholder Engagement 11
Our ESG Strategy and Alignment with the SDGs 14
ESG Governance 17
Innovating and Collaborating for a Better World 19
Products and Technology to Improve Quality of Life 20
Supporting Innovative Research and Scientific Leaders 27
Accelerating Scientific Breakthroughs 29
Expanding our Capabilities Through Acquisitions 29
Collaborating to Advance Industry Innovation 30
Environmental 31
Sustainable Lab Solutions 35
Sustainable Operations 45
Social 55
Human Capital Management 56
Diversity and Inclusion 70
Occupational Health and Safety 75
Product Quality and Safety 78
Supplier ESG Standards and Compliance 82
Privacy and Security 86
Governance 88
Corporate Governance 89
Enterprise Risk Management 92
Ethics and Compliance 93
Appendix 96
SASB Index 97
TCFD Index 100
Global Reporting Index 105From the CEO Over the past several years, we’ve developed a variety of innovative For our team, we continue to focus on our values and fostering
and sustainable products and solutions for the 265,000 labs a great work environment. As I like to say, you can have the best
that work with us around the world. In fiscal year 2022, we business strategy, but if you don’t have the right culture, it won’t
continued building on this support by expanding the number of succeed. Among other things, that means building a diverse,
instruments that have earned the Accountability, Consistency, and talented and engaged team. You can see the results of our efforts
Transparency (ACT) label, advancing technology that reduces lab in strong employee engagement survey scores and in our Great
energy consumption, and refurbishing thousands of instruments Place to Work certifications in more than 20 countries and regions.
to give them a second life through our Certified Pre-Owned
Looking to the future, we’re prioritizing philanthropic investments
Instruments program.
in building a diverse pipeline of talent. For example, last year we
We are now taking back and recycling select used instruments from launched a partnership with Delaware State University, a historically
other manufacturers. We also introduced innovative technology like Black university, to fund graduate students in STEM fields, provide
our HydroInert source for GC/MS, enabling easier switching from mentoring, create internships, and equip research labs with state-
helium as the carrier gas to hydrogen, a renewable energy source. of-the-art instrumentation and technology. The depth of talent of
the young scholars at DSU fills me with optimism for the future.
These are just a few highlights. This report details a wide range
of solutions and support we offer customers in meeting their Our company mission to advance the quality of life is at the core
sustainability goals, along with our ambitious plans for the future. of everything we do and our approach to ESG is an essential
part of delivering on that mission. In addition to meeting our
At the same time, we’re also delivering on our own ESG
own objectives, we’ll also be right there with our customers,
commitments. The elements that make up ESG have been part
working to bring great science to life and helping them meet
of Agilent’s mode of operation since our inception. Our framework
As champions of science, we are committed to helping our
their ESG goals as well.
for ESG is defined by what we call the four Ps — people, planet,
customers succeed at every stage of their journey to bring great
products, and prosperity — which touch every aspect of our I hope you find our 2022 ESG report valuable and insightful.
science to life. They know they can count on us to deliver the
business, from the environmental footprint of our facilities to the
advanced instruments, software, consumables, and services they
work experience for our 18,000 employees.
need to achieve breakthroughs large and small.
One of our central commitments is achieving net-zero emissions
That’s why our customers trust us to help them meet their
by 2050. In late 2021, we committed to establishing science-based
sustainability needs, which continue to grow in importance. In
emission reduction targets and in 2022 we submitted our targets
fact, our research shows that 82 percent of labs are serious about
for validation by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). We also
reducing greenhouse gas emissions, water use, energy consumption, Mike McMullen
engaged our suppliers on their emissions goals while continuing to
and waste. Our solutions are essential to helping them. President and CEO
further reduce waste and our energy and water use.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 3Our CompanySegments FY 2022* Highlights
Our Life Sciences and Applied Markets business provides
application-focused solutions that include instruments and
software enabling customers to identify, quantify, and analyze
$6.85
the physical and biological properties of substances and B 2022
products. This business also enables customers in the clinical Revenue
and life sciences research areas to analyze samples at the
molecular and cellular level.
Our Diagnostics and Genomics business includes the
2022 Revenue Mix by Segment
genomics, nucleic acid contract manufacturing and research
and development, pathology, companion diagnostics, reagent
partnership, and biomolecular analysis businesses. The
business provides active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs)
for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions that include 21%
reagents, instruments, software, and consumables, which
enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research
59%
areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level.
20%
The Agilent CrossLab business spans the entire lab with its
Agilent supports scientists in cutting-edge life science research, extensive services portfolio, which is designed to improve
patient diagnostics, and testing required to ensure the safety of customer outcomes. The majority of the portfolio is vendor
water, food, and pharmaceuticals. Our advanced instruments, neutral, allowing Agilent to serve customers regardless of their
software, consumables, and services enable our customers to instrument purchase choices, while delivering outstanding
produce the most accurate and reliable results and optimized results for them. Services include startup, operational, training Life Sciences and Applied Markets
scientific, economic, and operational outcomes. and compliance support, software as a service, as well as asset
Diagnostics and Genomics Agilent CrossLab
management and consultative services that help increase
customer productivity.
* References to years or fiscal years throughout this report are those
ending on October 31, unless otherwise noted.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 5Markets
Pharma and Biotech Environmental and Forensics 2022 Revenue Mix by End Market
We have one of the broadest portfolios of any We provide fast, accurate, and sensitive methods for
company serving the pharmaceutical industry. monitoring contaminants affecting health and quality
Our solutions provide precise answers for every of life, from pesticides to pharmaceutical residues
14%
segment of the pharmaceutical industry, from to trace metals. Our solutions help analyze forensic
disease research and drug discovery to drug evidence and help sports authorities ensure the 8%
37%
development, manufacturing, and quality control. world’s top-performing athletes are competing fairly.
10%
Chemicals and Advanced Materials Food
9%
Agilent products are used for quality, compliance, and We help companies and commercial labs ensure
safety testing across the value chain from raw materials that our global food supply is free of contaminants— 22%
to final products for the energy, chemicals, and whether chemical, viral, bacterial, or microbiological.
materials market. These include petroleum products
used as fuels and feedstocks, specialty chemicals used Academia and Government
Pharma and Biotech
as food and pharmaceutical additives, and materials
Our instruments, software, and sample preparation Chemicals and Advanced Materials
used in semiconductors, batteries, and consumer
solutions help scientists at top-tier universities to
products. Food Environment and Forensics
conduct faster, more accurate research on cancer,
Academia and Government
cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, Alzheimer’s,
Diagnostics and Clinical
Parkinson’s, autism, and other ailments. Diagnostics and Clinical
Our solutions help pathology laboratories deliver
fast, accurate information to the doctors, hospitals,
and medical centers they serve. We help medical
professionals make more accurate diagnoses so
patients can receive the most effective therapies.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 6Global Footprint Our businesses share sales offices throughout the world, while
maintaining strategically located operational and service delivery sites.
• Life Sciences and Applied Markets has manufacturing and
R&D facilities in Australia, China, Germany, Italy, Japan, Malaysia,
265,000 Netherlands, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
labs using Agilent
• Diagnostics and Genomics has manufacturing and R&D facilities
solutions in 110 countries
in Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Malaysia, and the United States.
18,100 • Agilent CrossLab direct service delivery organization is regionally
employees in more than based and operates in 29 countries.
30 countries
2022 Revenue by Geography 2022 Headcount by Geography
36% 39% 37% 39%
25% 24%
Americas Europe Americas Europe
Asia Pacific Asia Pacific
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 72022 Recognition and Awards
100 Most Sustainable
100 Best ESG Companies
Companies
Investor's Business Daily
Barron's
VL
Sustainable Top Project Award
Leadership Award
Environment+Energy
Business Intelligence Group Leader
World’s Top Female­ *3B est Workpla cesQ *
Friendly Companies in Health Care
J#
Forbes Fortune
Fourth Industrial Revolution Leader
World Economic Forum's Global
Lighthouse Network
Additional workplace awards and accolades Agilent received in 2022 can
be found in the Human Capital Management section of this report.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 8Mission, Vision, and Values
Agilent’s mission is to deliver trusted answers and insights that
enable our customers to advance quality of life. We’ve driven
innovation and provided expertise in the important work to improve
the quality of our air, food, water, and soil. We’ve supported
groundbreaking life science and Nobel Prize-winning research
and increased the precision of cancer diagnoses and targeted
treatments for patients.
Our culture is guided by a North Star we call the One Agilent Way.
Our 18,000 employees all have different talents and experiences, but
together we believe in the One Agilent Way where:
• Together we advance health and quality of life by helping our
customers solve the world’s most challenging problems.
• Together we work in a diverse environment built on a foundation of
trust, respect, and uncompromising integrity.
• Together we hold ourselves accountable to live our values every day.
The eight values that make up the One Agilent Way guide us as
we work together to improve the world around us. Those values
are uncompromising integrity, trust, respect, teamwork, focus,
accountability, speaking up, and innovation.
Read more about the recent refresh of our values in the Human
Capital Management section of this report.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 9Our ESG
ApproachMateriality Assessment Stakeholder Engagement
We conducted our first materiality assessment in 2019 to identify and prioritize environmental, Feedback from our stakeholders ensures we have quality products that address current and future
social, and governance (ESG) issues of importance to our business and stakeholders under the customer needs; a resilient, robust, and responsible supply chain; a talented, engaged, and diverse
guidance of a third-party firm. We updated the assessment in 2021, and in 2022 we conducted workforce that continues to innovate; sustainable operations and products that contribute to a
another update with internal stakeholders across the company. Results of this update showed little healthier planet; and appropriate controls and oversight to maintain a compliant, accountable, and
change from previous years, with the exception of an increased focus on chemicals management ethical organization.
and climate change. All levels of the organization, from our Board of Directors to our field service engineers, engage our
The materiality of chemicals management increased due to the volume of chemicals Agilent will be stakeholders on an ongoing basis. We maintain a register of companywide interested parties, their
storing and handling in the next few years. We are doubling the capacity at our Frederick, Colorado requirements, and expectations, and how we intend to meet our obligations. Stakeholder feedback is
facility in 2023, and again in 2026, for manufacturing oligonucleotide APIs. API manufacturing incorporated into our corporate and ESG strategy, systems, programs, processes, and the measures
processes require the use of more chemicals compared to manufacturing processes used for most of we use to define our success.
Agilent’s other products. We are also expanding production of consumables at our Newport, Delaware We also exchange knowledge, support important research, and enable the next generation of
location, which similarly requires relatively more chemicals than our other products. We continue to STEM talent through engaging and collaborating with industry partners and organizations,
add resources as needed to manage these risks. We have tight chemical procurement and training researchers, academics, and students. Read more about this work in the Supporting Innovative
controls in place and comply with all environmental, health, and safety (EHS) requirements to protect Research and Scientific Leaders section of this report and more about related Agilent Foundation
our employees, the environment, and surrounding communities where we operate. giving highlighted in the Human Capital Management section of this report.
Climate change received a boost in materiality ranking largely due to greater focus on regulations in
the U.S. and EU governing emissions. In 2021, we began increasing our focus on the assessment
of climate change risks and mitigation. We committed to achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 and
establishing interim science-based targets. We also conducted a climate scenario analysis to better
understand our risks and began reporting on our findings in line with the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 112022 Stakeholder Engagement Highlights
Stakeholder Engagement Approach and Activities
Investors We have a year-round shareholder engagement program that reaches a wide variety of stockholders, market participants, and potential investors. This program involves periodic discussions
on a range of issues that may be of interest, such as our business, financial, and operating performance, corporate governance initiatives, ESG-related disclosures and practices, and risk
management. We also hold quarterly earnings calls and host an annual meeting of stockholders.
We participated in numerous investor conferences in 2022, including Evercore IS Healthcare Conference, Goldman Sachs 14th Annual Healthcare CEOs Unscripted Conference, J.P. Morgan
Healthcare Conference, Cowen 42nd Annual Health Care Conference, Barclays Global Healthcare Conference, and Goldman Sachs 43rd Annual Global Healthcare Conference.
Customers We assess our customer experience through a variety of feedback mechanisms. These include an annual market study, project-based primary customer research, customer feedback provided
directly to Agilent employees, and an ongoing customer experience survey that measures customer experience perceptions across their key engagements with Agilent. We also use a closed-
loop corrective action process to address urgent customer concerns and a continuous improvement process to address more extensive improvement opportunities.
In 2022, we commissioned an independent third-party global survey to better understand analytical laboratories’ perceptions, aspirations, and challenges concerning implementing sustainability
measures, with the full results released in Q1 2023.
Employees We participated in the Great Place to Work® engagement survey companywide for the first time in 2022, replacing our internal leadership survey. As a result, more than 20 sites were certified as
a Great Place to Work by the Great Place to Work Institute.
In addition to site and group-specific engagement activities, senior leaders hosted our annual town hall for all employees, and regional and business leaders held quarterly coffee chats with
employees from their respective organizations.
Suppliers We expanded our supplier onboarding, assessment, and engagement activities in 2022, adding new criteria and developing new tools to evaluate our suppliers’ sustainable practices. We also
began piloting supplier engagement on Scope 3 emissions and Tier 2 supplier diversity.
Communities We engage with our communities through our employee giving and volunteer programs and Agilent Foundation grants. Our employee matching gift program donated $3.9 million to local and
and Nonprofits global communities, of which Agilent Foundation provided $1.8 million in matching funds. The Foundation also provided over $500,000 in grants to nonprofit organizations, mostly focused on
underrepresented groups in STEM. An additional $1 million was pledged by the Foundation to Delaware State University, a historically Black university.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 12How We Meet the Sustainability Needs of Our Customers
Our customers and their experiences with us have always been a Additionally, our Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain organization, Agilent manages improvements to its customer experience
top priority. Whether interacting with our people, our products, or our which oversees logistics, manufacturing, and procurement for our through a companywide governance model covering all of Agilent’s
digital platforms, we want every experience our customers have with business units, launched a formal sustainability program in 2022. In business and key touchpoints with customers. Annual customer
us to leave them feeling confident that Agilent delivers on their needs. addition to engaging our suppliers to meet our Scope 3 emissions experience improvement plans are prioritized based on the
reduction targets, we are increasing efforts to reduce energy and highest customer impact and then launched and tracked through
Helping our customers meet their sustainability objectives is a major
emissions in our own operations to meet Agilent’s net-zero goals improvement in the Agilent Customer Experience Survey results. In
part of this work.
and those of our customers. addition to the voice of customer feedback, Agilent uses customer
Customers look to Agilent to improve the environmental
experience tools such as customer personas, journey maps and
Customers are also looking beyond environmental management
sustainability of their labs. Some of our customers have set net-
key operational metrics to identify improvement opportunities and
when making decisions about vendors. They want to know how
zero goals similar to our own and they are interested in the carbon
design the future improved experiences.
we are keeping our products and our employees safe. They want
footprint of our products, services, and our approach to reducing
to know how we are holding suppliers accountable to the same Customers have rated Agilent as significantly improved across
emissions. Another topic of particular interest to customers is that
environmental and social standards we hold for ourselves. And they all the key engagement areas in the last several years. Customer
of increasing water scarcity in some regions, also an impact of
want to know how we are being responsible corporate citizens in measurements are on the scorecards for all Agilent management
climate change.
our communities and ethical partners in our business dealings. levels, and customers’ comments are distributed widely and
Agilent’s sustainability programs are aligned to these global concerns.
often quoted. From these, we identify what and where we need to
The Agilent Customer Experience Survey is an important tool we
We share relevant metrics via public environmental reporting
improve, investigate the issues, create improvement plans, and
use to better understand customer requirements. The survey is
platforms such as CDP and Ecovadis.
translate those plans into action.
administered to customers in 19 languages and in more than
We have increased our focus on including sustainability
50 countries. We continuously survey customers who have
considerations into the design phase for new products and
interactions with Agilent across our businesses and regions. The
updates for existing products in order to reduce environmental and
survey covers the decision-making process to purchase from
safety impacts. A pilot product lifecycle assessment study initiated
Agilent, product installation and support experiences, and their
in 2022 will deepen our understanding of this important area of
experience using our products.
product design.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 13Our ESG Strategy and People
Alignment with the SDGs
Successfully addressing ESG issues is woven into the fabric of our company— People are our employees, customers, shareholders, suppliers, partners, and communities. Our ESG strategy and actions
it’s part of our make-up and what we strive to do all day, every day. uphold our commitments to those we touch by:
Our corporate mission is to advance the quality of life, and we do that by • Treating people with respect and helping them thrive.
addressing the interconnections between our business, the needs of society,
• Unlocking the value of diverse and inclusive representation across our teams and our suppliers, as well as in academia
and the risks to our planet. This includes improving our own operations,
and STEM fields.
harnessing the best team in the industry to evolve new products and services,
• Safeguarding the health, safety, and well-being of our employees, contractors, supply chain workers, customers, and patients.
and helping our customers achieve their environmental goals.
The alignment of our corporate strategy, ESG strategy, and mission ensures
2022 People Highlights
that the quality of life for our stakeholders, patients, and others around
the world improves with Agilent’s success. Our strategy and actions also • Agilent was certified as a Great Place to Work® in more than 20 countries and regions around the world in our first year
contribute to the ambitions of the United Nations Sustainable Development
of administering the survey companywide.
Goals (SDGs) by delivering innovative products that advance science and
• Our D&I office supported the launch of two new employee-network groups (ENGs): La Chispa for Hispanic and Latino
technology, embedding sustainability into our business, and creating a positive
employees and API for Asian and Pacific Islander employees.
employee experience with a workforce built for the future.
• The Agilent Foundation pledged $1 million to Delaware State University (DSU), a leading historically Black university, to
support students pursuing STEM degrees, and pledged an additional $3.5 million of in-kind instruments and supplies to
equip DSU’s new lab.
• Our employee matching gift program engaged 6,344 employees and contributed $3.9 million to over 3,500 causes
Our ESG strategy is built on the Four Ps framework:
around the world.
People, Products, Planet, and Prosperity.
• We continued our downward trend for occupational health and safety incidents, with a 0.17 total recordable injury rate,
against an industry benchmark of 1.0.1
1. Benchmarking data is for Agilent’s primary NAICS code and industry, 334516 Analytical laboratory instrument manufacturing, based on U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics,
Survey of Occupational Injuries and Illnesses Data, 2021 Summary Tables, Table 1, https://www.bls.gov/iif/nonfatal-injuries-and-illnesses-tables.htm
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 14Planet -----------------------------------------------------------------
Protecting natural capital is essential to protecting human health. We aim to accomplish this by
reducing the environmental impact of our operations and our products, and creating innovative
technologies deployed by our customers to solve society’s biggest challenges.
2022 Planet Highlights
• We began engaging suppliers to address our Scope 3 emissions, conducting 14 knowledge
forums with strategic suppliers to explain our net-zero goals and expectations, and understand
the status of their emissions reduction commitments to align our joint efforts.
• Our Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain organization launched a formal sustainability program
to allow greater collaboration, sharing of best practices, and tracking and measuring of
sustainability initiatives across our logistics, manufacturing, and procurement operations.
• Following our 2021 commitment to set near-term emissions reductions in line with science­
based net-zero with the SBTi, we submitted targets to SBTi for assessment, and expect to hear
back in 2023.
• We reduced our energy intensity by 9.5% against an 8% annual target.
• We reduced our water consumption intensity by 27.6% against a 16% annual target.
• We achieved 94% solid waste diversion against our target of 95%.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental SocialProducts Prosperity
Our fundamental obligation as a company is to create broad prosperity. Successful business
outcomes generate financial and economic prosperity, benefiting our employees, investors, partners,
and local communities. Our products generate shared prosperity for all by enabling better quality
health care, clean water and air, and safe and nutritious food.
Our products advance our mission to improve quality of life for people and the planet through
labs across the world. To further serve our customers, we are embedding sustainability into our
Prosperity is foundational to the Four Ps – it is integral to our ability to implement our ESG strategy
products, services, and operations, helping our customers simultaneously achieve their business
and fulfill our mission of advancing the quality of life.
and environmental goals, while supporting a more sustainable future.
2022 Prosperity Highlights
2022 Product Highlights
• Our $200 million expansion of our Frederick, Colorado, facility that began in 2020 will go live in
• We strengthened our partnership with My Green Lab® by becoming the inaugural top-level
2023, with 55 of 60 new jobs already filled, while a newly announced $725 million investment to
‘Angel’ sponsor, achieving My Green Lab certification for three of our labs, and adding
double the facility’s manufacturing capacity of therapeutic nucleic acids is expected to generate
spectroscopy to our product lines using the organization’s ACT® ‘green,’ ‘eco-nutrition’ label.
more than 160 life science jobs.
• Our Certified Pre-Owned Instruments Program expanded geographies served and product
• Our University Relations program provided $7.5 million in cash and in-kind contributions to
eligibility, allowing Agilent to refurbish 4,300 lab instruments during the year.
support promising graduate students in STEM disciplines and academics working on innovative
• We launched a Sustainable Packaging Playbook that serves as a standard framework with research that aligns with Agilent’s mission and business strategy.
shared objectives for internal teams and external vendors to identify, prioritize, and develop
• We announced plans to invest more than $7 million to upgrade our R&D and applications
sustainable alternatives to product packaging.
development labs at our facility in Little Falls, Delaware; already one of Delaware’s 50 largest
• We became a member of How2Recycle®, which maintains a standardized labeling system employers, we expect to add new jobs upon completion.
to clearly communicate recycling instructions to the public and a membership platform of
• We made a commitment to invest $20 million to expand our Shanghai manufacturing center to
companies committed to making their packaging recyclable and empowering consumers to
meet growing demand in China for our advanced liquid chromatography, spectroscopy, and mass
recycle effectively.
spectrometry systems.
• Our Supplier Diversity Program helped us to increase our spend with certified U.S. diverse
suppliers by 47% since 2021.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 16ESG Governance Executive ESG Oversight
To ensure a coherent and strategic focus is given to ESG across the company, our vice president of
Board ESG Oversight Workplace Services and head of ESG Programs has responsibility for both the ESG and Enterprise
Risk Management programs and reports biannually to the ESG Steering Committee. Issue-specific
Our Board of Directors, through its Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, oversees
responsibilities are assigned to various senior leaders with relevant domain expertise.
Agilent’s ESG program and the progress of our ESG efforts and initiatives. The Nominating/
Corporate Governance Committee formally reviews our ESG efforts and reports to the full Board on
Level from Level
a regular basis. ESG Issue Position or Title
Board from CEO
The Audit and Finance Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing our enterprise risk
management program, which incorporates ESG risks related to environmental management, including Overall responsibility Vice president, Workplace Services 3 2
climate change, health and safety, and cybersecurity. for ESG Vice president, Global Communications
and Public Affairs
The Compensation Committee oversees issues related to human capital management, specifically the
administration of our employee benefits, including health and compensation plans.
Health and safety Vice president, Workplace Services 3 2
Executive-Level ESG Steering Committee Environmental issues Vice president, Workplace Services 3 2
The ESG Steering Committee, comprised of senior executives who report to our CEO, meets biannually
Risk management Director, Global Security 4 3
to provide oversight of our ESG strategy, identify new ESG focus areas and trends, and approve plans of
record. It reports to the Board’s Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee annually. Supply chain social Vice president, Global Sourcing 3 2
responsibility
Vice president, Global Procurement
Human rights issues Senior vice president, Human Resources 2 1
Labor issues Employment law counsel 3 2
Diversity and Associate vice president, 3 2
employment equity Diversity and Inclusion
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 17Management-Level ESG Working Group
The vice president of Workplace Services leads the ESG Working Group, comprised of representatives
from key functions such as supply chain, site operations, research and development (R&D), new product
introduction (NPI), manufacturing, and marketing, among others. The Working Group meets regularly to
identify gaps and priorities and integrate ESG strategies and programs into business strategies.
ESG Teams
Day-to-day management of ESG issues resides within each relevant business or function, supported by
additional groups that collaborate on sustainability-related issues.
Workplace Service (WPS) encompasses our corporate real estate strategy, facilities management and
construction, security, environmental health and safety, travel programs, and trade compliance. As part
of WPS, our Global EHS organization is responsible for maintaining our EHS management system and
managing performance against companywide sustainability goals.
Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain (OFS) manages procurement, manufacturing, and logistics with
processes that cover procurement, logistics, continuous improvement, business systems optimization, quality
control, regulatory compliance, and other support functions. The group thus plays a critical role in developing
and implementing strategies to reduce our environmental impacts within our internal operations and our
supply chain, including ensuring our suppliers are operating responsibly and sustainably.
The NPI/R&D Sustainability Team has paved the way since 2019 for ensuring that sustainability is an
intentional element of Agilent’s product development culture and process, driven by insights from our
customers. Led by our Chief Technology Officer, the cross-functional group is comprised of experts from R&D,
quality, marketing, EHS, and OFS. The team ensures sustainability is embedded at each phase of the product
lifecycle, supporting Agilent’s and our customers’ sustainability goals.
The Sustainability Forum brings together a multi-business, multi-functional group of employees to enable
cross-pollination of ideas, identify new opportunities, and reinforce sustainability as a core area of focus.
Members meet monthly to present their environmental and social sustainability innovations, programs,
achievements, and plans.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 18Innovating and
Collaborating for a
Better WorldProducts and Environmental Health
Technology to Leading PFAS Technology and Innovation
Environmental and health concerns related to PFAS (polyfluoroalkyl substances)
Improve Quality
contamination are growing. PFAS are a class of more than 5,000 man-made chemicals,
widely used in consumer goods such as cookware, textiles, and cleaners, were originally
of Life developed for their unique properties like water repellency and heat resistance. It is now
known that the carbon-fluorine bonds that underly these properties also make them
persistent in the environment - found in our water, air, and soil, and able to bioaccumulate
We are involved in many sectors that in people, wildlife, and marine life.
have a direct impact on the quality
Accurate PFAS monitoring and identification is critical to meeting the urgent need for
of our everyday lives, such as the
greater scientific understanding of these chemicals. Agilent is leading the way with
development of biopharmaceuticals,
sustainable and innovative technology that provides quantitative and qualitative data at
cancer research, and food and doping
trace levels, facilitating a better understanding of PFAS’s environmental fate, ecological
analyses. We are also a leading
impacts, and potential health risks.
provider in the field of environmental
testing of air, soil, and water—and are Agilent has released a broad range of PFAS-specific products, consumables, and software
poised to meet growing international to ensure our customers obtain the most reliable, accurate, and robust PFAS data. Agilent’s
demand in this area. Our technologies Bond Elut PFAS WAX Solid Phase Extraction (SPE) Cartridges are explicitly designed
enable precise analysis and quality for PFAS analysis, isolating a broad range of PFAS compounds from environmental
assurance in key areas of human life. matrices, such as drinking water, wastewater, soil, and sludges, while complying with
stringent regulatory requirements. Similarly, Agilent PFC-free Kit and Delay columns are
designed and quality controlled for our 1290 Infinity II Liquid Chromatography (LC) System
to reduce PFAS background and provide the best and lowest detections. Several other
products including our caps, vials, columns, supplies, triple quadrupole mass spectrometer,
MassHunter software, and SLIMS data management system have also been updated
to support PFAS-specific testing. By enabling accurate testing and assessment of PFAS
contamination, Agilent is enabling scientists, regulators, and others on the front lines
working to protect the environment and ecological and human health.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 20Rethinking the Paradigm on Uncovering Toxic Chemicals in
Chemicals Testing Protected UK River
Tarun Anumol, PhD, is director Agilent Technologies has played a crucial role in the
of Agilent’s Global Environment Guardian and Watershed Investigations research
Market. His interest in on pollution of a protected river in Lancashire
environmental science was spurred caused by toxic substances from the nearby local
by his upbringing in India and the chemical plant. Through our collaboration with
challenges that existed around reliable access dedicated researchers, we provided the necessary
to clean drinking water. He began studying PFAS analytical testing capabilities to detect and analyze
treatment and remediation in 2010 as a graduate the presence of over 700 types of PFAS in the river.
student, well before PFAS was a focus of regulators. Leveraging our high-resolution mass spectrometry
He continues that work today at Agilent, helping us technology and deep expertise, we successfully
to become one of the leaders in PFAS testing. identified these substances and evaluated their
potential toxicity. Participating in this environmental
"It’s really critical to have standardized and
investigation allowed us to draw the attention of the
reproducible measurements for PFAS testing," says
UK Environmental Agency and other environmental
Tarun. "PFAS compounds are present at such low
groups on the need to "improve monitoring, urgently
levels, so you need very precise instruments to
address the discharge of PFAS, and take actions to
ensure they are picking up the same measurements
prevent it."
consistently."
To address the problem of environmental
contamination on a broad scale, Tarun says we
need a paradigm shift in thinking. Instead of waiting
for chemicals to accumulate in the environment,
as PFAS has over the past 40 years, we need to
proactively monitor and test for compounds, so we
have a baseline and a better understanding of the
presence of these chemicals before they become
ubiquitous in the environment.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 21Enabling Clean Hydrogen Solving Lithium-Ion Battery Industry Challenges
Hydrogen is the simplest and most abundant element in the universe. Although Lithium-ion (Li-ion) batteries offer many advantages as a source of clean power—they are lightweight, high voltage, have a
it only occurs naturally when combined with other elements, it can be produced high specific energy, a long cycle life, and good energy and power density compared to other types of batteries. Their recent
without a carbon footprint from a variety of sources, such as natural gas, biomass, surge in demand has been driven by electrification of vehicles and energy storage needs for a variety of applications.
waste materials, or by splitting water molecules. Like electricity, it can be used
At nearly every stage of the battery value chain there is value in knowing which elements are present and in what
to store, move, and deliver energy derived from other sources. Though not
quantities—compositions and impurities in battery components can impact energy density, lifetime, and safety of batteries.
widespread, there is growing interest in its use as a potential renewable energy
Agilent has developed a range of testing and analytical solutions using atomic spectroscopy techniques that address
source, including for transportation, residential and industrial heating and cooling,
common industry challenges to obtaining accurate results in major compositions and trace impurities analysis. Agilent’s
and chemical storage of energy.
Inductively Coupled Plasma Optical Emission Spectroscopy (ICP-OES) is the most popular instrument for elemental
Quality control of hydrogen, especially impurity analysis of different grades of analysis in the Li-ion battery industry.
hydrogen, has become an urgent need for both hydrogen manufacturers and users.
Expected supply shortages and a growing awareness of the environmental and human rights abuses in the Li-ion supply
Even low-level contaminants can significantly damage engines or production and
chain have brought an increased focus on finding ethical and sustainable alternatives. Research and development of new
manufacturing systems. In addition, as hydrogen is increasingly adopted, strict
battery materials is ongoing across the world, aided by Agilent GC/MS, LC/MS, ICP-OES, and ICP-MS solutions that help
requirements have been imposed to limit contaminants in the gas.
researchers understand battery composition and impacts on performance.
International standards, local regulations, and quality requirements specify
In addition, approximately 95% of Li-ion battery components can be turned into new batteries or used in other industries,
maximum concentrations of each contaminant for commercial fuel cell use.
if recycled. As battery chemistry changes continually, the recycling process becomes more complicated and the need
Agilent’s gas chromatography systems and specialized detectors are used by
to identify which elements are present and at what concentrations becomes more important. Our solutions are helping
hydrogen suppliers and producers to safeguard hydrogen quality in accordance with
advance research to find more efficient processes for recycling Li-ion batteries, with elemental analysis being a key
these standards to ensure these impurities will not damage fuel cell performance.
analytical technique for the process.
Hydrogen is also an affordable and renewable carrier gas for use in gas
Besides elemental testing, organics testing also plays an important role in the Li-ion battery industry. For example, ester
chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) applications as an alternative to
compounds are widely used in the electrolyte, not only as the solvents that are the main compositions for increasing
helium, which is in short supply and expensive. Agilent developed the HydroInert
lithium salt solubility, inhibiting corrosion and removing dust, but also as the additives that are critical to the battery cycle
source for GC/MS, overcoming challenges of switching to hydrogen in GC/
performance, ensuring a stable operating voltage and good battery performance at high and low temperatures. Each
MS, improving chromatographic performance, sensitivity, and peak shape
solvent and additive needs analysis, usually by GC or GC/MS to optimize performance. Analysis is also needed of unknown
when using hydrogen as a carrier gas. By reducing the need for ion source
organics impurities or degradation products that can get introduced into the electrolyte during a cell cycle and negatively
cleaning, HydroInert source also reduces system downtime, maintenance, and
impact performance.
interruptions in data generation.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 22Accelerating Microplastics Analysis Human Health
Society relies on plastic in almost all aspects of our lives. It is one of the most enduring materials ever
made, taking up to 400 years to break down, depending on the type of plastic. Our reliance on plastic
continues to increase, with worldwide plastic production increasing from 2.3 million tons in 1950 to 448
million tons in 2015, and is expected to double by 2050.2 Microplastics, which are miniscule particles of
degraded plastic, have become pervasive in our environment, in the food and water we consume and air
Supporting the Fight Against Cancer
we breathe. Its emergence as a threat to the environment and human health has generated significant
public interest. The emergence of enormous volumes of DNA sequence information has been a driving force in
While regulators try to determine the extent and toxicity of the problem, researchers and analytical- biological discovery, providing an understanding of the causes and pathways of diseases and
methods bodies are seeking standardized solutions to characterize these particles in terms of chemical enabling physicians to identify and treat diseases earlier, more effectively, and at a lower cost.
identity, size, shape, and total mass. The smaller the particle the higher the potential biological and Precision medicine aims to improve therapeutic outcomes by adding a previously missing but
toxicological risk and the more their study is of interest to academics and governments. critical factor to the treatment equation: the unique biology of the patient, as revealed through
Traditional solutions for chemical identification of microplastics have hindered the study of microplastics examination of their relevant molecular information. The goal of Personalized Medicine is “The
– they are slow and complex, with some techniques taking more than a minute to analyze each right drug for the right patient at the right time.”
microplastic particle. They also have limitations, such as the inability to capture the extent of the This has already begun to drive revolutionary change in oncology, where cancer subtype
microplastics load in drinking and environmental waters.
classification and treatment is transitioning from organ of origin such as the lung, breast, or
As another example of how Agilent is helping to advance science, while helping customers meet their colon to its biomarker mutation presence or absence (e.g., EGFR, HR+/HER2, BRAF).
business and environmental objectives, we continue to develop solutions to address the evolving field Agilent is at the forefront of technology innovation to unlock the promise of precision medicine.
of microplastics analysis, focused on improving accuracy, efficiency, and productivity. In 2022, we
Our commitment to supporting the fight against cancer is built on a focus of leveraging
released our enhanced 8700 Laser Direct Infrared (LDIR) chemical imaging system, optimized for the
our extensive portfolio of solutions, cancer expertise, and global reach to serve customers
analysis of microplastics in environmental samples, enabling identification within seconds. The system
addressing cancer worldwide. However, the continued increase in cancer incidence, affecting
also generates reports on the percentage representation of each plastic type among particles and other
1 in 2 women and 1 in 3 men in the U.S., and being the second leading cause of death
statistics, such as the number of particles falling into different size ranges. Agilent offers both benchtop
worldwide, highlights the urgency of the issue. Together with different customer segments,
and portable handheld solutions to analyze microplastics on-site in laboratories and outdoors in remote
including R&D, translational research, diagnostic test developers, and testing labs, we strive to
environments, with immediate and real-time results.
address the challenges posed by cancer and improve outcomes for patients.
Agilent’s advanced technology is playing a vital role in facilitating efficient and accurate microplastics
analysis, supporting environmental monitoring and aiding the development of our understanding of the
extent of microplastic contamination in ecosystems and consequences.
2. National Geographic. The World’s Plastic Pollution Crisis Explained. https://www.nationalgeographic.com/environment/habitats/plastic-pollution/
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 23Expanding Leadership in Nucleic Acids Delivering Effective Companion Diagnostics
Driven by our shared goal of fulfilling the promise Precision medicine is creating therapeutic breakthroughs,
of precision medicine, we innovate with our especially for oncology patients by offering them targeted
partners to transform patients’ lives and their treatments to enhance their quality of life and overall health.
families’ experiences. Central to this life-changing approach is the use of companion
diagnostics (CDx) that identify the presence of certain biomarkers
Agilent has been a technological leader in the
to determine whether a patient can benefit from a targeted therapy.
synthesis of oligonucleotides (oligos) for more than
17 years. Our Nucleic Acid Solutions Division (NASD) Targeted anti-cancer drugs are only valuable if there is an accurate
has the highest concentration of oligo scientists in and reliable CDx. In 1998, the U.S. FDA granted simultaneous
the world and we have become the most advanced approval for a targeted cancer treatment and a companion
and reliable manufacturer of nucleic acids - a class Doubling Capacity for High-Growth Oligos diagnostic, Agilent Dako’s HercepTest targeting HER2-positive breast
of synthetic DNA and RNA molecules that function cancer, for the first time through a new coordinated procedure.
Agilent’s NASD is a full-service oligonucleotide
as the APIs in drug therapies. Through their ability
contract development and manufacturing organization. We continue to deliver world-class CDx products that predict the
to enhance or repress gene and protein expression, Agilent NASD owns two facilities in Colorado serving effectiveness of therapies in close collaboration with our pharma
therapeutic oligos can target the underlying cause of the oligo API market. partners, significantly impacting the acceleration of this technology
a variety of diseases, including cancer, cardiovascular
A $200 million investment made in 2020 to expand and the healthcare landscape. Our market-leading PDL-1 CDx plays
illness, and rare and infectious diseases.
our Frederick, Colorado facility has doubled the a vital role in the use of certain checkpoint inhibitors, which is a
In Frederick, Colorado, we help efficiently advance manufacturing capacity of our NASD therapeutics. type of immunotherapy that activates T cells so they can recognize
our customers’ oligo drug candidates from clinical We began planning for a $725 million investment to and attack cancer.
trials to commercial scale volumes with a common further expand the Frederick campus, again doubling
With a growing array of bio-markers in our repertoire, our R&D teams
its manufacturing capacity. These expansions will
goal of patient health and safety.
develop world-class companion diagnostics, establishing workflows
support growth in demand for Agilent’s high-quality APIs,
that meet the needs of modern diagnostic laboratories and expedite
including siRNA, antisense molecules, and CRISPR guide
RNA molecules, with shipments for the latest expansion turnaround of patients’ results.
expected in 2026. Agilent has also advanced the field of companion diagnostics by
The expanded facility will employ advanced automation enabling minimally invasive testing through liquid biopsy, where tumor
and engineering enhancements, including water DNA can be isolated from a simple blood draw. This less invasive
reduction and reclamation, solar energy, and solvent approach provides valuable information throughout a patient’s
waste capturing and recycling. treatment journey.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 24Transforming Science Through Agilent’s cell analysis portfolio includes a range of
instruments, assays, and software that allow
Cell Analysis
researchers to better understand cell health, cell
Cells are the smallest form of life. A human behavior, cell function and cell biology processes,
body is made of trillions of cells all of which targeting three key areas of the cellular ecosystem:
start out with the same genes. Each type of cell
• Immunology, immuno-oncology, and
turns on a different pattern of genes. Changes
immunotherapy
to a gene inside an individual cell, called a
somatic mutation, alter the cell’s ability to divide, • Infectious disease, virology, and vaccine research
make proteins, remove waste, or perform other • Therapeutic development and production
tasks, which can lead to disease. Mutations in
certain genes called oncogenes are the ultimate Our xCELLigence instruments enable real-time
cause of many forms of cancer. Analyzing how monitoring of cell growth, cell function, and cellular
cells function and what happens when they responses to a variety of treatments, while our
Seahorse XF technology provides functional
malfunction teaches us about the biological
processes that keep us healthy and uncovers metabolic measurements for live cells and reveals
new ways to treat disease. and confirms metabolic change at the cellular level,
opening a new window into biological processes
Traditionally, measuring cellular function
that can be "tuned” by targeting pathways and
required researchers to kill cells, limiting the
intermediates for therapeutic development. Our
understanding of how cells functioned in
CRISPR technology is transforming life science
real-time. Agilent enables researchers to study
by making targeted changes to a host cell’s DNA,
live cells and their responses to treatments as
driving new possibilities in immunotherapy.
they happen. Agilent’s cell analysis technology
provides researchers with deeper and more
relevant insights into biological questions,
including cellular metabolism, which is a critical
driver of disease.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 25Protecting the Global Food Supply Chain
Our global population is growing, putting increasing pressure on
our food production systems. The global food supply chain is
also becoming increasingly complicated, raising the opportunity
for food fraud - the intentional adulteration or misrepresentation
of food or its ingredients for financial gain. It is a widespread
problem, accounting for up to 25% of globally reported food
safety incidents either because of contaminants or unlabeled
allergens. New ways to ensure there is enough food that is safe
and accessible is an urgent need.
More sensitive instruments and advanced analytic techniques
are crucial in assessing food authenticity and adulteration
to protect consumer safety and maintain the integrity of
food producers' brands. Researchers, with Agilent’s support,
developed a two-tiered approach that allows rapid and
inexpensive 'yes/no' analysis in-field, with a sample’s molecular
profile, or 'fingerprint,' matched against a library of results.
The results of this rapid test can then determine whether a
second tier of more in-depth testing is needed in the lab. Using
LC/MS, GC/MS, and ICP-MS can then confirm what is and what
is not in a sample with a high degree of certainty.
Testing needs to continue to become cheaper, faster, more
accurate, and easier to perform. Agilent is working with
agricultural scientists and researchers to develop novel
approaches that more efficiently and effectively combat the
evolving tactics of fraudsters to ensure the safety and integrity of
the food supply chain.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 26Supporting Innovative Research Thought Leader Program
and Scientific Leaders The Thought Leader Program is an invite-only initiative that aims to promote fundamental scientific
advancements by providing financial support, products, and expertise to influential thought leaders
in life sciences, diagnostics, and chemical analysis. By partnering with leading researchers, Agilent
Agilent's University Relations programs are strategically aimed at fostering collaboration with can support innovative research that has the potential to create meaningful change in these fields,
academia to feed and promote their research while growing our scientific capabilities. For over two contribute to groundbreaking discoveries, and develop innovative technologies that can improve
decades, Agilent has built relationships with universities, recognizing the natural alignment of Agilent's human health and advance scientific knowledge.
interests with those of academic institutions. Designed to create mutually beneficial collaborations
Identifying and selecting potential candidates and choosing an awardee is a rigorous process led by
that promote innovation and drive progress in scientific research, the programs helping Agilent to stay
the University Relations team, with final decisions made by an internal committee of senior business
at the forefront of science and technology and maintain its position as a leading provider of scientific
and technology leaders. A research project is identified that aligns interests between the awardee and
instruments and solutions.
Agilent. The awardee provides progress updates to Agilent and may work with an Agilent champion
Led by the associate vice president for University Relations, who reports directly to the Chief who provides support and advice as needed.
Technology Officer, the programs manage relationships with universities, coordinates grants and
awards, and promote research for technological advancement. Over 95% of the grants from the 2022 Awardees
University Relations program are provided to support research, promote innovation, and foster
Professor Gerhardt Attard, John Black Charitable Foundation Endowed Chair in
academic excellence. The grant recipients, through their universities, retain independent control over
Urological Cancer Research at University College London. Professor Attard’s is a
their research and grants are not contingent in any way on contractual obligations to Agilent.
widely recognized clinician-researcher in prostate cancer, focused on creating next
University Relations four main programs include: generation diagnostics and prognostic tools that can inform the development of
novel therapeutics. Agilent’s award will support his work developing and validating
• Thought Leaders Program
use of biomarkers in patients with resistant metastatic prostate cancer.
• Early Career Professor Award Program
Dr. Jason Kovacic, Executive Director of the Victor Chang Cardiac Research Institute.
• University Research Program Dr. Kovacic is an influential clinician and researcher in cardiovascular diseases,
interested in unraveling the pathobiology of vascular diseases, fibromuscular
• PURE (Program for University Research, Enterprise)
dysplasia, and spontaneous coronary artery dissection. The award will support the
generation of important proteomics and metabolomics data sets, using Agilent mass
spectrometry solutions, assisted with artificial intelligence, to further understand the etiology and
treatment of fibromuscular dysplasia and develop knowledge to help with translation to clinical utility.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 27Early Career Professor Award University Research Program PURE
Agilent's Early Career Professor Award seeks to recognize and Agilent's University Research Program is an important initiative PURE (Program for University Research, Enterprise) is a service
support professors who, early in their careers, show outstanding that helps us stay at the forefront of research and development the University Relations team provides to facilitate awards of
potential for future research in areas of importance to communities by collaborating with university partners in areas of strong mutual cash or new equipment to universities from our businesses.
Agilent serves. The program also allows Agilent to build interest, with the purpose of: Awards may support memberships and conferences, sponsor
connections with the next generation of thought leaders. research, or provide awards for other expenses, such as student
• Advancing the proposed research.
travel scholarships. Centralized administration ensures all awards
Each year, the University Relations team determines a focus topic
• Advancing Agilent’s understanding of a core technology provided by Agilent use standardized processes, comply with
for the award based on emerging business relevance. Nominations
or application of strategic importance. applicable regulations and internal standards, are easily tracked
are accepted from universities around the world for their faculty
companywide, and are communicated properly to recipients.
• Building strong, collaborative relationships including an
members who have up to 12 years of post-doctorate experience,
Funding is tracked in our Global Grants database, allowing the
active Agilent participant who will contribute technically.
with exceptions for those who had a break in their career, for
University Relations team to aggregate, analyze, and report on our
example, for growing their family. Recipients receive an unrestricted • Adding value to the research program through Agilent
giving that supports university research and related activities.
research award of $120,000, and the opportunity to collaborate with expertise, products, and knowledge of problems that matter.
Agilent scientists and engineers.
• Bringing to Agilent new knowledge that illuminates our future. 2022 University Relations Contributions
2022 Awardee Technical team members initiate proposals, often when they
Region Cash Gift ($) Product Gift ($)
have a challenge, new idea, or emerging technology they want
The 2022 recipient of the Early Career Professor
to explore, and jointly develop the proposal with university
Award was Dr. Stefanos Nikolaidis, an Assistant Americas $ 2,020,224 $752,788
researchers. If approved, graduate students often participate in
Professor of Computer Science at the University
the research alongside the professor. Agilent sponsors of winning
of Southern California, who leads the Interactive Asia Pacific $524,193 $15,185
proposals offer mentorship and are expected to contribute up to
and Collaborative Autonomous Robotics Systems
10% of their time, as needed. Agilent provides funding through
(ICAROS) lab. The lab focuses on technologies that enable cobots Europe $1,594,721 $2,634,119
universities for 20-30 proposals each year.
to interact robustly with users in unconstrained and dynamic
environments. The work allows fundamental advances in Total $4,139,138 $3,402,092
developing interactive robots that can assist users in complex, real-
world tasks, augmenting and enhancing human capabilities with Total Giving* $7,541,230
superior strength, accuracy and precision, and data capabilities.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 28Accelerating Scientific Breakthroughs Expanding Our Capabilities
Through Acquisitions
Agilent’s Early Stage Partnership (ESP) Program provides a valuable link between an early-stage company’s
entrepreneurial spirit and Agilent’s domain expertise. We partner with early-stage companies, from early proof of
concept to revenue stage, that are working on game-changing tools, technologies, and applications to advance the Agilent’s growth strategy includes acquiring companies that help us expand and enhance
Life Science Research, Clinical Research and Diagnostic markets. Agilent seeks to deliver innovative solutions that our business in high-growth areas and complement our customer-focused innovation
improve customers' science and lab economics, and in turn, we can help young companies with financial resources capabilities. We look for companies with a differentiated team and culture that can be
and expertise to navigate the complex life science ecosystem, providing a catalyst to accelerate growth. integrated with ours. We also want to ensure before making investment decisions that
there is something Agilent can do to make the business even better.
In 2022, ESP accepted the following companies into the program:
In 2022, Agilent made two strategic acquisitions:
• Elegen is advancing our understanding of biological systems with their unique approach
to synthesizing gene-length oligos that can be used to maintain and enhance health. • Polymer Standards Service GmbH (PSS) specializes in hardware and software
solutions used in defining the makeup and creation of molecular structures. The
• Halo Labs (formerly Optofluidics) commercializes high throughput biopharmaceutical
company provides complete solutions for gel permeation chromatography and size
quality control instruments using the latest optics, image processing, and microfluidics.
exclusion chromatography used in applications to determine the molecular weight
Follow-on investments were provided in 2022 to support the following ESP companies’ next stage and size distribution of macromolecules. The acquisition broadens and extends
of development: Agilent’s product portfolio and customer offerings, particularly in the chemical and
biopharmaceutical industries for the analysis of natural and synthetic polymers such as
• Arima Genomics is advancing the life sciences by providing 3D genomic sequence and structure
nucleic acids, proteins, monoclonal antibodies, polysaccharides, and synthetic plastic.
information of any genome to drive discovery in genome biology and human health.
• Virtual Control has developed an advanced artificial intelligence technology
• Cardea Bio provides graphene sensors to measure cellular interactions and analysis of critical CRISPR
integrating machine learning that creates innovative analysis solutions in lab testing.
editing components.
Its software, known as ACIES, automates the labor-intensive task of GS/MS data
• Molecular Assemblies is developing a revolutionary, enzymatic DNA synthesis technology designed to produce analysis, improving efficiency in the laboratory workflow, from sampling to reporting.
long, high quality, sequence-specific DNA to create new products in industrial synthetic biology, personalized Agilent will integrate the software, known as ACIES, into GS/MS platforms to improve
therapeutics, and precision diagnostics. the productivity, efficiency, and accuracy of high-throughput labs we serve, especially
for customers involved in food testing and agriculture, environmental, and applied
• PreciseDx is a leading innovator in AI-powered image analysis for patient-specific breast cancer recurrence
materials. The investment builds on Agilent’s existing investments and innovations to
risk analysis.
advance the analytical lab and transform its capabilities with new technology, better
integration of instruments and data, and more efficient lab workflows.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 29Collaborating to Advance We collaborate with numerous industry groups and trade associations, including:
Industry Innovation
Advanced Mammalian Biomanufacturing
Engineering Biology Research Consortium National Minority Supplier Development Council
Innovation Center (AMBIC)
Engaging with industry groups and associations allows our
teams to keep abreast of important industry trends and Allotrope Foundation Government-University-Industry Research Roundtable Open Platform Communications Foundation
discoveries, develop relationships with new and existing
American Institute for Medical
partners, and contribute to advancing fields and issues Ignited Pistoia Alliance
and Biological Engineering
important to our business and stakeholders.
American National Standards Institute Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Society of Vacuum Coaters
International Genetically Engineered Machine
American Physical Society Society of Women Engineers
(iGEM) Foundation
Stanford Department of Bioengineering
American Society for Quality MedTech Europe
External Review Committee
Merced Nanomaterials Center for
AOAC International Stanford Interdisciplinary Life Sciences Council
Energy and Sensing (MACES)
CASME National Academy of Engineering SystemX Alliance
National Association for Environmental, Health,
Center for Bioanalytic Metrology techUK
Safety, and Sustainability Management
National Institute for Innovation in Manufacturing
CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion UC Berkeley Engineering Advisory Board
Biopharmaceuticals (NIMBL)
Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories
National LGBT Chamber of Commerce Women’s Business Enterprise National Council
Meetings and Courses Program
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 30Environmental
Protecting the Planet and Safeguarding Our FutureOur approach to environmental sustainability is grounded in an understanding that safeguarding our
natural resources and protecting the health of our planet is integral to advancing the quality of life. Through
innovating, continuously improving, and incorporating responsible and sustainable measures throughout
our value chain, we are building a more resilient and efficient organization that is responsive to the needs
of our customers, while contributing to a more sustainable future.
Helping Customers Meet Sustainability Goals
Laboratories are home to groundbreaking advances in science and technology. There is also growing
recognition among scientists and research institutions that this has come at a significant environmental
cost, however. Sources of everyday resource use and waste generation in labs include:
• Energy for precise temperature control, ventilation, ultra-low freezers, autoclaves, and instruments.
• Water for lab processes, cooling reactions and equipment, and flushing, purging, and washing.
• Hazardous waste from chemicals, such as reagents for reactions and as catalysts; solvents for
washing, flushing, separations, and analysis; and helium for cooling and flushing.
• Non-hazardous waste from packaging, personal protective equipment, and extensive use of single
use plastic for equipment, such as vials, beakers, flasks, pipettes, and test tubes.
Labs are starting to act - our most recent survey of lab managers found that 82% reported having
sustainability goals.
Customers rely on us to provide products and services that reduce their environmental footprint from
the product lifecycle. That means they count on us to reduce the amount of energy it takes to run our
instruments in their labs, as well as to reduce the amount of energy we use to manufacture those
instruments. Agilent is sharply focused on understanding our customers' needs and pain points and
creating solutions across the product lifecycle to address them.
At Agilent, environmental sustainability is a top priority - it is important to our customers, our
shareholders, our employees, our families, our communities, and the future of our planet.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 32Environmental Management Organization
Agilent operates an EHS management system designed to minimize adverse environmental and
occupational health and safety impacts and ensure ongoing compliance with external regulations and
internal EHS standards, while meeting the needs of key stakeholders. Our EHSMS is aligned to ISO 14001
and ISO 45001 and covers our design, development, manufacturing, and sourcing activities worldwide.
Sites included within the scope of the EHSMS are determined through systematic risk analysis and take
into consideration the nature and scale of site operations.3
As a matrix organization, environmental sustainability at Agilent is managed collaboratively across
functions, businesses, and geographies. WPS and OFS teams have primary responsibility, with
complementary roles for managing environmental impacts related to our operations and meeting corporate
and customer sustainability goals.
Agilent’s Global EHS organization, as part of WPS, maintains the EHSMS and related external certifications,
and oversees our EHS programs, inspections for EHS hazards, and periodic risk assessments and audits.
Global EHS is also responsible for managing performance against our sustainability strategy, goals, and key
performance indicators and identifies facility-level projects as part of the group’s oversight of our corporate
real estate strategy.
OFS collaborates with Global EHS on assessing risks and opportunities, implementing mitigation
measures, and meeting corporate and customer sustainability goals. The group is responsible for
identifying and implementing sustainability initiatives for site-level operations, procurement, and logistics
that reduce resource use, waste, and emissions.
The cross-functional, cross-business NPI/R&D Sustainability team works to ensure Agilent products are
the industry-leading choice to reduce customers’ environmental footprint, while maintaining successful
laboratory operations by designing and developing our products for improved efficiency and sustainability.
See more about WPS, OFS, and NPI/R&D Sustainability teams in the ESG Governance section of this report.
3. Sites that meet one of our minimum threshold criteria are brought into our global EHSMS: (i) at least 20 production employees, (ii) presence of
high-risk activities, (iii) more than 50,000 sq. ft facility.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 33Agilent’s Order Fulfillment Team Launches Global Sustainability Program OFS Sustainability Champion
When Michelle Lim was asked to create
OFS has previously contributed to companywide sustainability This initial groundwork will provide the scale needed to a sustainability program for OFS in 2022,
goals through site-level leadership, working closely with the accelerate progress toward meeting Agilent’s and our she gladly accepted the challenge. And she
Global EHS organization. In 2022 the group launched a formal customers' sustainability goals, which is also important for understood the significance of Agilent leadership
sustainability program to facilitate greater collaboration the long-term resiliency of the company. By sharing best taking this step – it demonstrated the increasing
and knowledge sharing across sites, and the collection and practices, building knowledge and awareness, celebrating importance of sustainability to Agilent’s
analysis of more detailed project-level data. successes, and facilitating connections, we are working to corporate strategy and long-term success.
create a network of individuals who are actively engaged in
OFS created a multiyear roadmap for developing and Reflecting on the journey so far and ahead, Michelle underlined
sustainability across regions.
implementing its sustainability program. The focus for two critical elements needed to affect change. "What we
2022 and 2023 is on educating and shifting mindsets and The team also began laying the groundwork in 2022 to learned from projects we’ve done over the years is that mindset
establishing the team with these overarching goals: meet its 2023 objective of fostering a common definition of and education have been a fundamental driver for those who
sustainability at Agilent by: participated most actively in sustainability projects. Education
• Create an OFS Sustainability Guidebook to harmonize
is important for imparting the knowledge needed to act.
Agilent’s internal functions and promote actions that • Hosting internal webinars about the importance of
While the right mindset makes it second nature to incorporate
integrate sustainability in day-to-day operations. sustainability to educate the organization.
sustainability into everyday decision-making and creates the
• Implement a culture of sustainability by sharing success • Tracking additional information on continuous improvement motivation needed to push through inevitable roadblocks. A
stories, providing regularly scheduled educational events, projects that contribute to environmental sustainability. common mindset also ensures everyone has similar levels of
and creating a forum for conversation and collaboration. • Developing the blueprint for a sustainability learning commitment and a shared language for collaboration.”
• Encourage execution of quick win projects contributing to platform accessible to all employees. While many are eager to see immediate results, she frequently
sustainability by providing support, direction, and resources. • Developing the framework for managing Scope 3 emissions reminds herself and her colleagues of the need for patience,
with suppliers to meet interim and long-term net-zero targets as some important steps will take time to show measurable
and goals. impact. This is especially true when it comes to meeting
Agilent’s climate-related goals. “This is not a one-year or
three-year project. It's a journey…to 2030 all the way up 2050,”
she said. They celebrate small successes and push forward,
maintaining energy and momentum.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 34Sustainable Lab Solutions
Sustainability at Agilent Research Labs
Labs are increasingly looking to reduce their environmental impact—while at the same
Agilent Research Laboratories power Agilent’s growth through breakthrough science and technology.
time improve productivity, lower costs, and enhance laboratory health and safety,
To complement our product line R&D, Agilent Labs looks beyond the evolution of current products
without compromising the integrity and quality of their results. Sustainability has
and platforms to create the technologies that will underlie tomorrow’s breakthroughs, enabling Agilent
become a new driver for innovation at Agilent, as we strive to find new ways to help
customers to answer questions at the leading edge of life science, diagnostics, and the applied markets.
our customers meet their sustainability and business goals simultaneously. We are
The group’s horizon is broad, encompassing synergies across Agilent and seeding new businesses to
incorporating these considerations across product lifecycles and in our end-to-end
create competitive differentiation and compelling value for current and future customers and shareholders.
solutions for lab workflows.
Sustainability has been an ongoing focus for product line R&D, which has a pipeline of projects to improve
the sustainability of existing products within a period of one to three years. Increasingly sustainability is
Sustainable Product Design Framework
being considered in longer-term research investments of Agilent Research Labs, which can play a pivotal
role in finding solutions to persistent environmental challenges that labs face today or will face in the future.
We continue to evaluate ways to improve our approach to sustainable product design
and development. In 2022, we partnered with Environmental Resources Management
(ERM) to carry out a pilot product life cycle assessment (LCA) study of an Agilent liquid
chromatography instrument. LCA is a tool used to assess the environmental impacts
linked to a product, process, or activity throughout its entire life cycle. The ERM study will
document the most important contributions to our instrument’s carbon footprint and
identify actionable internal and external levers where we can have the greatest impact in
NPI. The pilot will also help us determine essential elements of LCA to integrate into our
product design process. The study is expected to conclude in 2023.
To establish a baseline from which to set future goals and targets, we began collecting
additional data on sustainable product development by surveying R&D managers on
the integration of environmental considerations into their NPI programs’ goals. The top
three priorities across the NPI portfolio were energy efficiency, waste reduction, and
instrument intelligence to enable preventative maintenance and reduce travel needed
to service instruments.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 35Green Instruments and Agilent is now a global leader in ACT label certifications
Agilent Customer Demonstration Labs
for complex analytical instrumentation, and we continue to
Product Labeling expand product families that are ACT-certified. In 2022, Achieve My Green Lab Certification
35% of Agilent’s instrument orders generated were for ACT-
We have an ongoing partnership with My Green Lab, a non- labeled products. In 2022, Agilent achieved the highest level of My Green
profit organization dedicated to building a global culture of Lab Certification for our customer demonstration labs in
We expanded ACT-labeling to spectroscopy in 2022, receiving
sustainability in science. My Green Lab’s programs provide labs Waldbronn, Germany; Cheadle, UK; and Santa Clara, U.S.
certification for two new instruments and committing to ACT-
and manufacturers of lab products with third-party guidance and
label certification for all future NPIs in molecular spectroscopy. Our ‘green’ certified labs signify a sustainability journey.
verification processes to implement sustainable strategies into
In addition to spectroscopy, our ACT-labeled instruments By participating in the My Green Lab Certification program,
everyday testing and research.
span liquid chromatography, gas chromatography, and mass we demonstrate to our customers that Agilent is an
Agilent was the organization’s first 'Transformative Level' sponsor spectrometry. environmentally conscious organization and that we are
and first sponsor of the My Green Lab Certification program – committed to improving our own sustainability efforts.
The ACT label has served as a valuable tool for Agilent,
the gold standard for laboratory sustainability best practices.
providing a common standard to benchmark, assess, and When our customers visit our sites, particularly our ‘green’
In November 2022, we expanded our support, becoming the
externally validate the sustainability of our product design, certified sites, we can be transparent about our own
inaugural top-level Angel sponsor. The sponsorship provides Agilent
practices, and instrument performance. The cross-functional sustainability journey and where required, showcase our
with greater access to My Green Lab’s strategic counsel on our
team of Agilent experts from R&D, manufacturing, logistics, eco-friendly innovations and workflow solutions that will
sustainability initiatives and expertise that we can share with our
marketing, and quality who participate in the audit process for help enable them to optimize their operations without
customers. Over the last few years, My Green Lab’s support and
certification also benefit tremendously – they become more compromising on quality results.
outside perspective have been instrumental in helping us shape
knowledgeable of the factors influencing the sustainability of
our sustainable product development culture and approach.
our products and are left with a baseline reference that they can
Since 2020, Agilent has participated in My Green Lab’s use to raise the bar on the next generation of products.
Accountability, Consistency, and Transparency (ACT) label
We developed a comprehensive strategic roadmap for
certification process for several Agilent instrument families.
implementing ACT labeling across our product portfolio in
The ACT label was designed to address the need for clear,
2022 – another concrete step to growing our commitment to
third-party verified information about a laboratory product’s
My Green Lab and continuing to differentiate Agilent products
environmental impact from manufacturing, use, packaging, and
as the industry-leading choice to help customers reduce their
end-of-life, making it easier for customers to choose more
environmental footprint.
sustainable products aligned with their environmental objectives.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 36Engineered for Sustainability helium, hydrogen is a low cost, renewable resource, and the Additional survey results showed that only 4% of lab managers
best alternative to helium for GC/MS. The Agilent HydroInert are using data intelligence to monitor, analyze, and improve
We work on continuously supporting our customers by improving prevents lab disruptions from insufficient helium supplies, using lab performance, while some lab instruments are used only
the environmental and safety performance of our existing and an environmentally sustainable alternative. 35% of the time.
new products. Our newest instrument releases in 2022 were ACT-
Agilent’s 6475 triple quadrupole LC/MS is used to test for The Agilent CrossLab business spans the entire lab with
label certified, helping our customers make sustainable product
pesticide residues in food, impurities in pharmaceuticals, and an extensive services portfolio, designed to improve
choices aligned with their environmental goals and include:
PFAS in water and materials, among other applications. It customer outcomes, supporting sustainability initiatives and
• Agilent 5977C single quadrupole GC/MS incorporates instrument intelligence that reduces downtime and freeing up scientists to focus on their important work.
enables preventative maintenance with smart monitoring and
• Agilent 7000E and 7010C triple quadrupole GC/MS
early maintenance feedback. Agilent’s VacShield technology CrossLab Connect
• Agilent 6475 triple quadrupole LC/MS reduces maintenance time by 92%, and Agilent’s SWARM
Asset performance management is the intersection of
autotune allows scheduling of machine calibration.
Our latest GC/MS releases provide accurate analytical traditional asset management with digital techniques. Agilent’s
measurements for environmental impurities and food CrossLab asset performance management capabilities aim
testing, chemical analysis, and forensic and pharmaceutical Technology to Reduce to empower the next-generation laboratory that is digital,
compounds. They can be used for detecting and measuring smart, and connected, integrating augmented reality, artificial
pesticides in food, volatile and semi-volatile organic compounds Lab Resource Use intelligence, data analytics, and robotics. It combines data
in water, phthalates in materials, and residual solvents from intelligence technologies with sophisticated analytics that allow
manufacturing in pharmaceuticals. There is an increasing need for laboratory optimization. Today proactive management of lab performance.
most labs have a reactive approach to managing lab operations,
These GC/MS instruments have built-in instrument intelligence which leads to inefficiencies, additional costs, and downtime. CrossLab Connect is the digital backbone of a comprehensive
and software that prevent downtime and extend the life of Scientists and analysts are often burdened with operational asset performance management program in the lab. These
products by enabling preventative maintenance through early tasks, taking away time from innovation and discovery. They digital capabilities optimize lab workflows, addressing a critical
maintenance feedback, self-guided maintenance, remote are also often unaware how laboratory optimization and need to enhance operational efficiency, increase productivity,
monitoring and smart alerts for monitoring system health, self- sustainability go hand-in-hand. and reduce downtime, while minimizing environmental impacts.
cleaning hardware, and smart diagnostics. As a more efficient lab is a more sustainable lab, effective
An Agilent survey of pharmaceutical lab leaders found: management of laboratory assets helps labs meet business,
Agilent also launched the HydroInert Ion Source for GC/MS scientific, and sustainability goals simultaneously. New data
• 83% believe that their current workflows require optimization.
in 2022, enabling easier switching from helium to hydrogen intelligence technologies and better industry insight improve lab
as the carrier gas. Helium is a finite resource with ongoing, • 65% indicate that the most important types of operational efficiency, producing more output with less energy –
unpredictable supply shortages and price increases. Unlike laboratory innovations are those that increase efficiency. a win for both science and the environment.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 37Sustainability Benefits
CrossLab Capabilities Efficiency Benefits
Solvent/Reagent
Energy Reduction Waste Reduction
Reduction
Asset Monitoring Enables labwide visibility to capture utilization across all of the workflows
compiled in a dashboard to drive insights for improvements.
Power Signature Characterizes power consumption for connected assets.
Monitoring
Predictive Maintenance Offers AI-characterized discrete changes in power patterns over time to
Analytics identify asset failure risk, enabling proactive maintenance and reducing
environmental impact.
Smart Alerts Monitors instrument health and provides alerts when maintenance or
replacement is needed, minimizing downtime, and reducing resource waste.
Partner Automated Facilitates compliance harmonization and streamlines compliance procedures.
Compliance Engine (ACE)
iLab (systems access Provides streamlined access management and reduces the need for manual
management) paperwork. Scientific workflow management functionality helps labs enhance
their efficiency, minimizing unnecessary steps and waste generation.
VirtualAssist Provides augmented reality (AR) into the lab. When an instrument is down,
our customers can turn on AR and have an Agilent service engineer over their
shoulder to diagnose, and repair where feasible, maximizing uptime and reducing
our carbon footprint from travel.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 38Product End-of-Life Management
Our Certified Pre-Owned (CPO) Instruments Program keeps
high-quality instruments out of landfills by putting them
back into the lab. The program enables more customers to
experience Agilent quality, like-new performance, and reliability
while contributing to a more sustainable, circular economy.
CPO is an $85 million business that is part of Agilent’s
Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group and an important
source of strategic value for Agilent. CPO is divided into three
arms, including:
• Marketing and Business Development, which markets and
sells refurbished instruments to customers.
• Operations, which refurbishes used instruments to
like-new condition.
• Sourcing, which ensures we have sufficient un-refurbished
instrument inventory to meet CPO demand, sourcing from
customers through our Trade-In and Buyback Program,
and internally from instruments used during R&D or for
customer demos, for example.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 39Trade-In and Buyback In 2022, the program increased its global reach, expanding from For some customers, the program provides incentive to
serving the Americas, EU, and China to also serving Singapore, transition to the latest technology, while for others, trade-ins and
As our instruments reach the end of their first useful life, we
Australia, and South Korea. We plan on further expansion in the purchasing of a CPO instrument contributes to meeting their
offer customers the opportunity to return used instruments
Asia Pacific region in the near future. sustainability goals. Since officially launching the Trade-In and
for cash or credit for their next Agilent purchase through our
Buyback Program in 2018, we have served over 1,100 unique
Trade-In and Buyback Program. Agilent makes the return In addition to expanding geographically, we continued broadening
customers across the world, with 25% being
process easy by including labor to deinstall, packaging, and the range of products eligible for Trade-in and Buyback in 2022,
repeat customers.
shipping at no additional cost to customers. Products are which now includes approximately 200 Agilent products. We also
typically packaged and shipped in a reusable, collapsible, accept some products outside of our product portfolio that we do
pallet-based system, reducing the cost and environmental not refurbish and resell.
impact of shipping empty boxes.
Gas Liquid Atomic
GC/MS LC/MS
chromatography chromatography spectroscopy
Molecular Cell analysis and Automated Automated
ICP-MS
spectroscopy electrophoresis liquid handling electrophoresis
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 40Refurbished Instruments Liquidation through a third-party partner is an important channel
for excess inventory or for parts or instruments not in our portfolio.
Specially trained Agilent engineers refurbish used instruments
It enables us to provide customers with credit toward an Agilent
and certify them to the same original instrument specifications.
purchase for competitor instruments as part of our Trade-In Program.
They must pass the same final quality tests as a new
instrument. CPO instruments ship with up-to-date software, new
Certified Pre-Owned Instruments Program Impact
PCs, start-up tools, and accessories. Every CPO instrument is
backed by the same installation, support services, and 12-month In 2022, we:
warranty as our new instruments.
• Took in 6,600 instruments through our various programs.
In 2022, we had our grand opening of our new refurbishment
• Received 3,000 instruments through our instrument return
center at our campus in Singapore, adding to our current
program.
capabilities in the Americas and Europe. The ability to refurbish
• Bought back over 2,000 used instruments from our customers.
instruments in region will allow the program to grow in Asia
Pacific and reduce the environmental impact of shipping • Refurbished over 4,300 lab instruments.
returned and refurbished instruments.
• Sold 3,400 Certified Pre-Owned Instruments.
Used Instrument Parts Environment+Energy Leader awarded the
Agilent Certified Pre-Owned Instruments
For instruments we cannot refurbish to our highest standards,
Program its 2022 Top Project award for
we harvest usable parts, or liquidate or recycle instruments or waste reduction.
parts, with a small portion going to scrap.
While we refurbish most of the systems we take back, parts
harvesting and liquidation are important to extending the life of
our products and minimizing landfill waste. Our internal teams
test and refurbish harvested parts, which are then used by our
field service organization as we continue to support customers
beyond our ten-year instrument guarantee.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 41Sustainable Packaging Our Three-Pronged Approach
Our approach to more eco-friendly packaging, as outlined in the Playbook, focuses on three key
As a part of Agilent’s commitment to the environment and our customers, we strive to minimize
areas: optimizing design, sourcing sustainably, and supporting recycling.
our post-consumer waste through the design and development of sustainable packaging of our
Optimizing Design: "right size” packaging by minimizing the packaging size and volume of
products. We continuously evaluate opportunities to replace existing solutions with sustainable
materials used, and eliminate unnecessary packaging
packaging options.
Sustainable Sourcing: maximize the use of recycled and sustainably sourced renewable content,
Sustainable Packaging Playbook enhance material health by removing priority chemicals and other restricted packaging content,
and eliminate single-use plastic materials
Ongoing voice of customer feedback has revealed that customers want to see more sustainable
packaging solutions and less packaging material overall. Making such changes to packaging Supporting Recycling: design packaging that is easy to recycle, incorporate recycled content, and
requires significant investments of time and resources, including design changes, system improve customer communication on packaging recyclability
revalidation, and other measures to ensure product quality, safety, and compliance with
regulations and standards.
Various product teams at Agilent have been working on identifying more sustainable alternatives
to traditional packaging for several years. With more than 1,000 employees at more than 30
sites worldwide, it became evident there was a need to support and harmonize the efforts of our
internal teams and external vendors around a common set of guidelines and objectives.
As part of its Sustainability Guidebook, OFS launched the Sustainable Packaging Playbook in
2022, providing a framework for non-packaging SMEs on identifying sustainable packaging
options, and guidance on packaging projects that maintain product quality, safety, and integrity,
while aligning with our customers’ preferences and sustainability goals.
Agilent teams globally use the Sustainable Packaging Playbook, whether we are designing
packaging internally or with the expertise of outside vendors. It is designed to be complementary
to our existing packaging guidelines, policies, and procedures, such as our Product Protection
Test manual that is used for determining, executing, and evaluating tests to assess a package’s
ability to effectively protect a product when shipped.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 42Recent and Ongoing Projects
Sustainable Packaging Prototype
Optimizing Design: For bulk shipments of materials from Germany to
the U.S. requiring temperatures to be maintained between 2-8°C, we Our LC column packaging is being redesigned to
transitioned to a third-party solution, SkyCell 1500C. The containers are
reduce its size and to replace polyurethane foam
smaller and lightweight, significantly reducing emissions during transport.
with eco-friendly materials, reducing emissions,
They are reusable, partially made of recycled materials, and designed to be
waste, and approximately $300,000 in packaging
long-lasting, reducing waste. Advanced materials built into container walls
and shipping costs per year.
create a sophisticated cooling system that self-charges and, combined
All three prongs of our sustainable packaging
with advanced digital technology, improves product quality and safety, and
approach are addressed with the redesign:
reduces the risk of product loss in challenging transit conditions.
Optimizing Design, Sustainable Sourcing,
Sustainable Sourcing: The foam cushioning in our GC1 Packed Column
Supporting Recycling
Box was replaced with a paper mesh alternative. This environmentally
friendly swap provides a co-benefit of $19,000 in cost savings per year.
Sustainable Sourcing: Our Chemistries standards kitted products are
packaged in bulky plastic ampoule crackers and clamshells and are being
redesigned to reduce packaging size and increase use of recycled and
renewable materials. We are also replacing a paper Certificate of Analysis
with a digital version accessible by QR code, which enhances the customer
experience by providing a more convenient way to access product
information. In addition to significant reductions in packaging, labor, and
shipping costs, we expect an annual reduction of 3,200 kg of plastic waste.
Optimizing Design, Sustainable Sourcing, Supporting Recycling:
Packaging for our Easi portfolio of 116 products used for calibrating Before After
chromatography machines have a complex design made entirely out of
plastic. We are currently redesigning the packaging to be plastic-free and
easier to disassemble and recycle, with an estimated reduction of almost
300 kg of plastic waste a year.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 43Agilent Joins How2Recycle
In 2022, Agilent joined How2Recycle, a standardized labeling system to clearly communicate recycling instructions to the public and a
membership platform of companies committed to making their packaging recyclable and empowering consumers to recycle effectively.
An outgrowth of the Sustainable Packaging Coalition, and part of the environmental nonprofit, GreenBlue, How2Recycle’s mission is to get
more materials in the recycling bin by taking the guesswork out of recycling.
By providing clear and concise information on its product packaging, Agilent is empowering our customers to make environmentally
conscious choices and helping to improve the recycling ecosystem.
Our Shipping Container Graphics Guidelines now include the use of How2Recycle graphics.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 44Sustainable
Operations
Working toward sustainability is an integral
part of how we conduct business and
respond to our customers’ challenges
in their quest to move boundaries
in scientific research and discovery.
Agilent is committed to ensuring our
operations, products, and services comply
with applicable environmental, health,
and safety regulations, implementing
appropriate controls, and continually
improving our environmental sustainability
through recycling, waste minimization,
conservation of resources, prevention
of pollution, management of hazardous
materials, and promotion of environmental
responsibility amongst our employees.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG ApproachWorld Economic Forum Recognizes Agilent’s Singapore Facility
In 2022, the World Economic Forum’s Lighthouse Network deploying 4IR technology, we were able to overcome bottlenecks Waldbronn community swimming pool and ice rink. Intelligent
recognized our facility in Singapore as a Fourth Industrial Revolution from specialized manpower and transformed our workforce into 4IR networking enables waste heat from Agilent’s building cooling
(4IR) leader for deploying IIoT (industrial internet of things)-powered generalists. This improved output by 80%, productivity by 60%, cycle units to be used to heat the Waldbronn open-air pool in the
digital twin, AI, and robotic automation solutions to improve time by 30%, and quality cost by 20%, while effectively reducing the summer and our Customer and Technology Center in the winter.
sustainable manufacturing performance. facility’s environmental impact. Examples of measures that improved
Through this partnership, the site can reduce its CO emissions
sustainability performance include: 2
The Lighthouse is an initiative of the World Economic Forum in by around 40% compared to using boilers and electricity from
partnership with McKinsey & Company to showcase models of • Implementing a building management system that uses IIoT the local grid. Other sustainability features at Waldbronn include
smart manufacturing enabled by 4IR technologies. technology to optimize the chiller load and automatic scheduling, on-site solar, electric vehicle charging stations, a building
Our Singapore facility sought to simplify manufacturing of low- reducing energy consumption. maintenance system with smart building technology, optimized
volume, high-complexity instruments to meet rising demand. By and upgraded HVAC system, and rainwater harvesting.
• Creating a big-data analytics platform leveraging the cloud, AI,
and machine learning to streamline the factory process, which • Agilent’s Shanghai, China campus is a highly integrated global
significantly reduced cycle time, waste, and chemical usage. strategic manufacturing center with R&D, quality assurance,
supply chain, and logistics management capability. The facility
• Installing a solar energy system on the factory rooftop that
deploys advanced “smart factory” technologies that include
produces 27% of the site's energy, and reduces carbon emissions by
leading edge data analysis, visual inspection systems, the cobot
more than 1,500 tons per year.
automation system, and AI and machine learning systems. We
We are expanding the use of advanced digital technologies at
announced a $20 million expansion of our Shanghai site in 2022,
our sites across the world, which will also be a key driver to meeting
which will enhance our high quality, digital, and smart factory
our net-zero goals. For example:
capabilities.
• Our Waldbronn, Germany facility continues to implement innovative
• The planned expansion of our Frederick, Colorado U.S.
and smart technologies that reduce its environmental footprint. The
campus, slated to break ground in 2023, will employ advanced
flagship project at the five-building, ISO 14001-certified campus
automation and engineering enhancements, including water
is an energy center (EVBZ) and cogeneration unit developed in
reduction and reclamation, solar energy, and solvent waste
partnership with the Waldbronn community and EnBW AG. A
capturing and recycling.
combined heat and power plant (CHP) provides heating, cooling,
and electricity to Agilent, a neighboring industrial company, and the
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 46Climate Change 2030 Emissions Reductions Targets (2019 Baseline)
The latest climate science from the IPCC shows it is still possible to limit global
Goals Scope Focus Areas
temperature rise to 1.5°C if rapid and deep emission cuts halve global emissions
before 2030 and achieve net-zero emissions before 2050.
Reduce 50% Scope 1 Site Operations
Agilent responded to the urgent call for corporate climate action in 2021, by 2030 Direct emissions from Agilent- On-site fuel combustion, fleet vehicles, and
committing to align with climate science and net-zero through the Science Based owned or controlled sources air-conditioning leaks
Targets initiative’s (SBTi’s) Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign, and to set
Scope 2 Site purchased energy
near-term companywide emission reductions in line with science-based net-zero
Indirect emissions from energy
with the SBTi. We submitted our interim targets to the SBTi for assessment in
or heat purchased by Agilent
2022 and expect to hear back in 2023.
Our interim, net-zero emissions reduction targets cover our direct and indirect
emissions, including those from our value chain, which represent most of our Reduce 30% Scope 3 Purchased goods and services
total emissions. by 2030 Indirect emissions from our value Capital goods
chain, occurring from sources
Upstream transportation and distribution
we do not own or control
Waste generated in operations
Business travel
Employee commuting
Upstream leased assets
Downstream transportation and distribution
Use of sold products
End-of-life treatment of sold products
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 47To achieve these targets, we are looking at how we design our and proactive measures like qualifying multiple suppliers and track with our annual objectives and long-term goals. We reduced
products, how we evaluate and collaborate with our suppliers, and evaluating regional strategies, Agilent strives for supply chain energy consumption per square foot by 9.5% in 2022 against an
how we manage our internal operations. Equally important, we continuity while minimizing disruptions and enhancing its net-zero interim target of 8% (2014 baseline). We have also reduced our
are investing in the organizational infrastructure needed to stay on efforts. In 2022, net-zero initiatives focused on reducing energy site carbon emissions per square foot by 32.7% since 2014.
track and remain accountable for achieving our goals. consumption, transportation modalities and associated costs, and To achieve these reductions, OFS and WPS worked collaboratively
Our emissions reductions strategy includes investing more in building awareness on net-zero approaches internally and among to identify measures that improve the energy efficiency of
renewable energy at our sites and facilities, moving our car fleets our suppliers. operational processes and systems and pursue promising
from gas to electric, and reducing business travel. We are also opportunities to transition to cleaner sources of energy. Energy
Targets Oversight
exploring moving more freight via sea or rail, and engaging with our efficiency measures included improving space utilization of labs,
supply chain to identify which suppliers have the largest carbon Targets oversight plays a pivotal role in guiding and monitoring eliminating redundant energy efficient equipment and square
footprint, working with those suppliers to reduce emissions, and the progress of Agilent’s sustainability goals, ensuring we have footage used, and incorporating IIoT technology, sensors, and
factoring carbon footprint into supplier selection decisions. the organizational structure in place to effectively implement, data analytics to increase uptime and energy efficiency. In
Agilent's commitment to minimizing our environmental impact measure, and monitor our progress. Our ESG Working Group addition to initiating new on-site solar projects, we launched a
extends beyond our operations, enabling us to be a valuable focuses on the top-level commitments and strategy, while WPS project to evaluate opportunities for green energy procurement
partner in our customers' sustainability journeys. Emissions from and OFS are the primary teams responsible for implementing at 11 sites -- contracts were completed at our sites in Singapore,
our operations and product life cycle contribute to our customers’ and tracking our progress toward meeting our commitments, in Denmark, Italy, and the UK.
Scope 3 emissions inventory -- this is a key consideration in our collaboration with additional teams depending on the activities. In 2022, two solar PV projects completed the previous year
emissions reduction strategy and priorities. We have increased In addition, various functional and business groups have initiatives resulted in a much higher output than was originally estimated.
engagement and collaboration with our customers on how we can to support our goals.
help meet their emission reduction goals.
Scopes 1 and 2 GHG Emissions
We continue to gather information and assess the potential System Size Predicted Actual Output
Site
(kW) Output (kWh) (kWh)
short-, medium-, and long- term impact of climate change on Energy use is the highest priority material environmental issue for
our business. Agilent has adopted the Task Force on Climate- Agilent. Consumption is mainly from electricity, gas, or fuel oil for Shanghai, China 271 207,000 342,806
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations to provide heating or on-site electricity generation. In 2022, we consumed
Mulgrave, Australia 502 700,150 824,070
investors with meaningful information on our climate-related risks, approximately 167,000 MWh of energy, which generated 49,000
provided in the TCFD Index of this report. metric tons of Scope 1 and 2 emissions.
Through continuous innovation, global processes encompassing Every quarter, we assess our energy use and emissions, making Globally, solar PV generation at Agilent sites offset annual GHG
R&D, procurement, manufacturing, logistics, and quality control, necessary adjustments when negative trends arise, keeping us on emissions by 2,770 MT in 2022.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 48Scope 3 GHG Emissions
Scope 3 makes up more than 90% of our GHG emissions, and
we recognize that meeting our reduction goals will require close
Agilent is focusing on four
collaboration across our value chain. Our top priority is reducing
areas where our carbon
emissions from purchased goods and services and capital goods,
footprint is greatest: which accounts for 42% of our 2019 baseline Scope 3 emissions,
followed by downstream transportation and distribution, which
accounts for an additional 18% of our Scope 3 emissions.
• Purchased goods and services
In 2022, the Procurement ESG Program team officially launched the first
• Capital goods
phase of our long-term roadmap for supplier engagement, focused on
• Downstream transportation and
creating a baseline of supplier emissions contributions, identifying top
distribution
emitters among our suppliers, and developing next steps through 2023.
• Use of sold products
Agilent made steady progress in 2022, completing these critical steps
on our way to net-zero, including:
• Partnered with TruCost to conduct a baseline analysis of suppliers’ GHG contributions and intensity, identifying
emission for our top 50 suppliers, representing over 58% of upstream supplier emissions.
• Updated our Supplier Code of Conduct to include Agilent’s expectation that suppliers adopt practices aligned with net-
zero greenhouse gas emissions, disclose their data, and show their progress.
• Conducted 14 ESG Knowledge Forums with strategic suppliers to communicate our net-zero goals and set
expectations; learned 11 strategic suppliers have net-zero goals, and 8 have approved science-based targets.
Alongside supplier engagement activities, we are also working on updates to our procurement processes and documentation,
including the supplier selection process and requirements, and establishing metrics to evaluate our progress.
In 2023, we will continue to engage suppliers, targeting the top 50 suppliers with the greatest GHG emissions to identify
quick wins, share best practices, and look for opportunities to collaborate to meet Agilent’s reduction goals, as well as
supporting suppliers to meet theirs.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 49Green Logistics Achievements
To switch from rapid product delivery via air to monthly shipments by ocean
requires thinking big—specifically, reinventing how we manage global inventory.
Led by the Green Logistics team, the test project has now expanded to include more
than 20 suppliers and transit from our factories to our logistic centers. Learnings
from this initiative continues to inform strategies that reduce emissions while
ensuring products are delivered safely and efficiently.
U.S. Region
• Inbound shipments are handled through air to ground or less-than-truckload (LTL)
services, as well as ocean freight.
• Outbound shipments are managed via air to ground or LTL services.
EU Region
• Outbound shipments are facilitated through air freight to ocean transportation.
• Inbound and outbound shipments in the EU region are handled by trucks that
operate on liquefied natural gas instead of diesel.
AP Region
• Inbound shipments are handled through air freight to ocean transportation.
• Outbound shipments in the AP region are managed through both air
freight and trucks.
Using alternatives to air reduced Agilent’s emissions from logistics by
7,706 tons in 2022.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 50Energy and Emissions Management Progress*
Direct Energy Use 2020 2021 2022 Scope 1 Emissions 2020 2021 2022
Natural gas 173,305 184,055 188,388 CO2 9,380 9,561 9,803
Diesel fuel 304 439 1,481 CH4 252 301 307
Propane 2,167 2,026 1,278 N2O 1,329 1,585 1,622
Solar PV 16,867 22,855 24,927 Total Scope 1 (MT CO2e) 10,961 11,447 11,732
Total direct energy use (GJ) 192,643 209,375 216,074 Scope 2 Emissions
Indirect Energy Use Location-based 41,705 36,577 37,555
Electricity 353,851 356,426 367,494 Total Scope 1 and 2 (MT CO2e) 52,666 48,024 49,287
Heating 20,671 20,863 20,568 Total Scope 1 and 2 intensity (MT CO2e/sq ft) 0.0132 0.01124 0.01154
Total indirect energy use (GJ) 374,522 377,289 388,062 Scope 3 Emissions
Total direct and indirect energy use (GJ) 567,165 586,664 604,136 Agilent fleet (U.S. only) 6,911 6,976 7,634
Total direct and indirect energy use (kWh) 159,781,314 162,874,797 167,815,555 Business travel 6,906 3,640 10,859
Total direct and indirect energy Transportation and distribution 101,453 68,753 89,281
40.04 38.14 39.21
use intensity (kWh/sq ft)
Total Scope 3 (MT CO2e) 115,270 79,369 107,774
*Approximately 80% of Agilent's site footprint is reported from sites that are included in its annual analysis of energy use.
*About 80% of Agilent's site footprint is reported from the sites included in its annual analysis of carbon emissions.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 51Waste Management 2022 Project Highlights
Agilent prioritizes eliminating and minimizing hazardous and non-hazardous waste from Chemistries Manufacturing
procurement and production; adopts responsible, efficient, and effective waste management
Vapor Deposition Project
practices in compliance with environmental regulations; engages in employee training and
Our Vapor Deposition project involves converting liquid phase chemistry into a gas phase, resulting
communication on waste elimination and minimization; and tracks and monitors metrics to
in a significant reduction in solvent-related waste. This eliminates the need for liquid phase
manage performance against our goals throughout the year.
processing, reagent and solvent delivery systems, and waste disposal infrastructure. By utilizing
the gas phase process and implementing scrubber systems, we can minimize solvent delivery and
Of the more than 75 sustainability projects undertaken by OFS In 2022, over 20% reduced waste by
effectively capture lesser amounts of chemical waste.
implementing measures such as:
Bio-Reagents Manufacturing
• Switching from paper-based to digital documentation.
Hazardous Material Alternative
• Reducing scrap and expired inventory.
We reduced the consumption of Nonidet P-40 Substitute (NP-40), a raw material used in our
• Removing redundant steps.
EnVision FLEX Target Retrieval Solution High pH buffer, by 33%. NP-40 is listed as a Substance of
• Finding alternatives to hazardous materials. Very High Concern (SVHC) in EU REACH legislation, and we plan to eliminate use of NP-40 in 2023
by sourcing an effective, less harmful substitute.
A substantial amount of waste generated at Agilent sites comes from packaging. We incorporate
environmental considerations into our Original Equipment Manufacturer and Supplier Packaging
Instrument Manufacturing
Guidelines for inbound procurement. When choosing materials to package items purchased by
Agilent, in addition to requirements on hazardous and restricted content, we ask vendors to consider Precious Metal Recycling
the impact on the environment of discarded packing materials during the packaging design phase, Agilent utilizes gold plating in its GC/MS Quadrupoles. Instead of scrapping Quadrupoles when they
focusing on solutions that are reusable, are recyclable, and use less materials. Alongside our efforts fail, we rolled out a new process to reclaim and recycle the gold plating by using an acid bath to
for outbound packaging, we are beginning to engage select vendors on developing packaging strip the gold for recycling. As a result of this program, more than 6 troy ounces of gold are recycled
solutions that better meet these guidelines. annually, the equivalent of approximately $10,000 returned to the business in 2022.
In 2022, Agilent achieved 94% solid waste diversion, coming close to our ambitious 95% target.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 52Waste Management Progress
Non-Hazardous Waste Disposal 2020 2021 2022
Reused (Offsets)* - 175 220
Composted 154 130 256
Recycled 1,797 1,603 2,032
Incinerated (mass burn) 352 535 576
Landfilled 261 164 187
Total non-hazardous waste (MT) 2,564 2,606 3,272
Landfill diversion rate 90% 94% 94%
Hazardous Waste Disposal 2020 2021 2022
Recycled 1,507 1,611 1,718
Incinerated (mass burn) 2,833 4,512 4,426
Treated 2,837 1,584 1,872
Landfilled - 4 4
Total hazardous waste (MT) 7,177 7,712 8,020
*Any material that would have been disposed of as a waste that has been diverted by reusing it. The highest and best use of material, which
includes creating and keeping materials in a useful loop as long as possible is acceptable as an offset Agilent's data includes two types
of offsets: 1) weight of empty chemical totes returned to the manufacturer/supplier for refill that were sent back to Agilent, 2) weight of
disposable frocks/lab coats that Agilent lab and manufacturing personnel would have used if reusable alternatives were not available.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance AppendixWater Management Water Management Progress
Water Consumption 2020 2021 2022
The intensity of water use varies significantly by site depending on the type of manufacturing.
We prioritize ensuring responsible water management practices to avoid water scarcity or depletion Groundwater 119 114 116
to respect local hydrological balance, prioritizing withdrawal from sources not impacted by other
Third-party water 307 339 315
extraction operations. Many of our facilities have internal recycling processes in place, such as
water reuse for toilet facilities, rainwater harvesting, and water recycling incorporated within internal Total water consumption (1,000 m3) 426 435 431
production processes, but we do not currently measure and report on this activity.
Total water consumption intensity (1,000 m3/sq ft) 0.121 0.116 0.111
We track and monitor municipal water usage data quarterly, where possible, to monitor performance
against goals and take prompt action if any remedial action is necessary at individual sites. Our
Turin (Italy) and Manesar (India) sites extract groundwater for operations using local aquifers, unlike
Agilent’s other sites that use municipal water.
In 2022, we reduced our water consumption per operational square foot by 27.6% against the target
of 16%. Agilent’s initial target of 20% reduction in municipal water consumption over 10 years from an
2014 baseline will be replaced in 2023 by a more ambitious target.
The discharge of water varies from site to site, but can be attributed to domestic sanitation,
production operations and cooling systems. Typically, a small proportion of discharge from an on-site
water treatment plant is approved with local permits and consideration for environmental impacts.
Surface water discharge is directed toward local surface water infrastructure, ensuring
the separation of potential contaminants from our site. When water is discharged into the sewer
system, we carefully consider factors such as evaporation and irrigation of site grounds.
While we do not currently measure the specific metrics associated with our water discharge, we
estimate that 5% of the discharge occurs through evaporation, primarily in areas where evaporative
coolers are present.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 54Social
Supporting and Empowering Our PeopleHuman Capital Agilent’s numerous accolades received in 2022 are a testament Values and Culture Refresh
to our commitment to a diverse, inclusive, and supportive work
We have a strong culture that drives our success, but we never
Management environment that fosters innovation, collaboration, and personal and
take that for granted. Periodically we examine our culture
professional growth for our employees.
to ensure it continues to support superior performance and
Recruiting and hiring the right people, providing training and • Best Workplaces™ collaboration across the organization.
development opportunities, creating a positive work environment, and • Ireland, Pharma & Healthcare Companies, Great Place to
In 2021, we asked ourselves:
retaining top talent have all been major drivers of Agilent’s success. Work Ireland
Our Human Capital Management (HCM) initiatives have also helped • How can we make our great culture even better?
• UK, Large Organisations, Great Place to Work UK
improve employee engagement, productivity, and organizational
• How can we ensure we sustain our culture for the years to come and
performance. We are proud to have developed and implemented • Asia, Small and Medium Companies, Great Place to Work
in ways that reflect our changing world?
effective strategies and technologies to optimize human capital and • World’s Top Female-Friendly Companies, Forbes
• How do we describe our culture to ourselves and others, particularly
will continue to seek ways to improve the employee experience while
• Best Workplaces in Healthcare, Forbes to our many new colleagues who joined during the pandemic?
meeting business objectives.
• Singapore’s Best Employers, The Straits Times Working closely with a firm specialized in enterprise culture
Our goal is to foster a healthy work environment that encourages
• Female Friendly, Best Employers for Diversity, Forbes assessments, we began to take stock. We selected 32 culture
collaboration and innovation in a global scientific community. We aim
ambassadors who represented different regions, countries,
to provide a meaningful space where each individual can fulfill their • Top Workplace in Health Care, Fortune
businesses, and functions to help the CEO staff gain insight on
purpose and reach their full potential — supported by a team that
needed changes.
The One Agilent Way
sets high standards — in a company that promotes a flexible working
With their input, along with feedback from Agilent’s annual employee
environment with employees’ well-being in mind.
Our culture reflects what we value as a company. At Agilent, survey, the CEO staff vetted our existing values and behaviors and
our culture provides a strong work environment for our teams, listened to what our employees were telling us.
Accolades and Awards
empowers individuals to be high performers, and supports the We realized our recipe wasn’t wrong, but a refresh was needed.
outstanding results that the company delivers. It is the collection
We revised and expanded our core values.
In 2022, Agilent was certified as a Great Place to Work by the Great
of behaviors that makes our company such a great place to work.
Place to Work Institute in more than 20 countries and regions around Uncompromising Integrity. Focus. Accountability. Innovation. All
the world, distinguishing Agilent as a top employer based on an four remained unchanged. Trust, Respect, and Teamwork, previously
independent survey of its global workforce. grouped into a single value, are now listed individually to give them
equal weight with the other values. We removed “Speed” because it
was already built into our other values.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 56Finally, we added a new core value, Speaking Up, because we Attraction and Retention The Global Talent Acquisition and Mobility team maintains close
realized we could do better in communicating with candor and linkages with the Compensation, Benefits, and Learning and
listening closely for different perspectives, with a focus on Agilent's dedication to diversity and inclusion has had a positive Development teams to provide feedback on what they hear from
shared outcomes. impact on our workplace, innovation, and business outcomes. candidates about Agilent’s competitiveness in the marketplace.
For all eight values, we created strengthened definitions and Our ability to hire top talent from all over the world helps us Internal recruiters and third-party recruiting partners are trained in our
provided deeper clarity on expected behaviors. maintain our leadership position. We actively recruit talent from processes and standards so that all candidates are evaluated using
under-represented groups and strive to create an inclusive the same metrics, standards, policies, practices, and guidelines.
The single largest factor affecting organizational culture is
environment that nurtures and retains employees. At Agilent,
leadership. CEO staff introduced the One Agilent Way refresh in Recruiters receive education on the priority Agilent places
we value passion for science, results-oriented thinking, and a
2022, first to our 100 executives, and then to our 2,600 people on recruiting diverse top talent and maintaining an inclusive
commitment to serving the greater good. While our employees
managers. The introduction to all employees was led by our CEO environment. Managers are similarly educated on their role in
bring diverse experiences, talents, and drives, we are united
staff in Agilent’s annual Town Hall and webcast at the beginning inclusive recruiting, such as the importance of assembling
under the common ethos of One Agilent.
of 2023. The phased roll-out will continue in 2023 with follow-up diverse interview panels so that candidates can see themselves
sessions at the country and site levels. at Agilent. Managers are also asked to create structured rubrics
Recruiting
and concrete scoring guides to ensure a standardized and objective
Our strengthened values will take time to fully integrate into our
At Agilent, recruitment is a critical function in attracting and hiring approach to the interview process.
day-to-day operations, but progress will be measured through our
top diverse talent from over 30 countries globally. Our Global
employee engagement survey. The One Agilent Way will guide and A variety of tools and resources are used to facilitate
Talent team prioritizes:
inspire all employees as we work together to make Agilent an even inclusivity during recruiting, such as:
better place to work and continue to achieve great results. • Reaching a broad pool of candidates in an open and • Inclusive recruiting tool used by all recruiters
transparent manner. throughout the process.
• Maintaining a consistent candidate experience. • Textio, a software that replaces language that can be associated
• Providing candidates with a comprehensive understanding with unconscious bias related to gender, age, and ability.
of our company, our culture, and the exceptional quality of • Manager Toolkits with information and resources on
work life we offer. diverse interview pools, slates, and panels.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 57Diverse Recruiting
Agilent Recognized for A pipeline to diverse talent is mission-critical to our success at Agilent. Gender diversity is a worldwide focus for
recruiting, while other types of targeted recruiting vary by country.
Gender-Neutral Job Posts
In the U.S. — to invest and support our STEM pipeline — we are building long-term relationships with Historically Black
Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) and Hispanic-Serving Institutions (HSIs). We post our open positions and hold
virtual recruiting events through HBCU Connect, the largest social network for students and alumni of HBCUs. In
Agilent’s Talent Acquisition team was awarded the 2022 Textio Equity Award,
addition to having partnerships with individual institutions, we also work closely with our ENGs to reach diverse talent,
an honor that recognizes organizations that excel in writing gender-neutral
either through their members or their personal networks.
job posts.
To assess the effectiveness of our recruiting efforts, we analyze data related to Diversity Hiring vs. Availability.
Textio’s research suggests that terms such as 'thrive on’ tend to attract more
We review attrition and retention percentages by demographic and the selection process for formal development
male candidates, while women are drawn to words like 'embrace.’ The phrase
programming. Lastly, we review social media touch and reach.
'continuously learning’ conveys a growth mindset, which is appealing to many
job seekers. Its software highlights certain words or phrases and suggests
gender-neutral alternatives.
It can also be used for other types of targeted recruiting; for example using
phrases such as 'try out’ for campus recruiting suggests a flexible career path
that resonates with students. While the changes may seem subtle, they help
us make important improvements to the job description.
The Talent Acquisition team leverages this software editing tool globally
as part of the team’s overall strategy for attracting more diverse talent. The
recruitment team likes the tool because it is simple, but effective. The early
results are promising. Our teams in the Asia-Pacific region have been able
to attract more female candidates to traditionally male-dominated roles. Our
goals include removing all biased language and doing more to communicate
our empathic, inclusive, and intentional culture through our job posts.
One of the biggest benefits of this tool is that it prompts important
conversations about what diverse and inclusive hiring really looks like.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 58Investing in the Future of STEM Leaders at HBCUs
In 2022, the Agilent Foundation partnered with Delaware State University (DSU), a leading
historically Black university, to increase the number of underrepresented students entering STEM
fields. We pledged $1 million to fund scholarships and on-campus research internships in 2023
for 21 Agilent Scholars pursuing undergraduate and graduate degrees through DSU's College
of Agricultural Arts and Technology (CAST). Scholars will receive mentorship opportunities with
Agilent scientists, engineers, and researchers.
The Foundation pledged an additional $3.5 million of analytical lab instrumentation, supplies,
services, and other infrastructure to equip CAST’s new lab, along with Agilent employee volunteers
for guest lectures, case study support, lab demos, and more.
Agilent’s donation will also contribute to building research capacity of a consortium of HBCUs
in the mid-Atlantic region led by Delaware State and encourage more students from these
institutions to consider opportunities at Agilent and within the broader life sciences sector.
Gregory MacKenney, the vice president of Agilent’s instrument-supplies business, is serving as
the executive sponsor of the partnership. “Delaware State is making important
contributions to the STEM fields,” he said. “This donation will help ensure this
historically underinvested and underrepresented community is getting the
resources needed to have an even greater impact. It gives me great pride to see
my company step up to the plate to make a tangible difference in advancing
minority representation and impact in STEM.”
Gregory is also a graduate of Morgan State University, a historically black university in Baltimore,
Md. The Agilent Foundation contributed $52,000 to the university in 2022 to fund a pilot wellness
program for STEM students. The stress of engaging in college level STEM studies combined with
the stresses that Morgan State students bring to school — imposter syndrome, financial burdens,
disadvantages associated with being a first-generation student — make succeeding difficult, even
with financial support. The aim of the program is to optimize students’ chances of graduating in
good standing by teaching them coping and wellness-building skills.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 59Total Rewards
Helping to Close the Gap of Agilent's total rewards approach is designed to support all aspects of employee well-being.
Women Pursuing STEM Research Our compensation approach is focused on ensuring that all employees are fairly compensated and have the
opportunity to participate in the company's financial success. We support financial well-being through competitive base
IHES is a world-renowned foundational mathematics research institute salaries and a range of incentives, including employee equity-ownership, bonuses, and other variable pay. We apply our
with rich study opportunities for post-doctoral and career mathematicians. approach globally to all jobs at all locations including professional, hourly labor, and management. We benchmark our
Women comprise only 20% of math professionals in France and 10% at pay programs annually using a mix of local and global compensation surveys to ensure we remain competitive.
IHES because the percentage of women dwindles as education levels Central to our compensation philosophy is the link between pay and performance. The One Agilent Bonus rewards
(post-doctoral/Ph.D.) rise. The Agilent Foundation contributed 100,000 employees with variable pay dependent on the achievement of corporate performance goals. In addition to this
Euros in 2022 to help IHES create opportunities and advocate for women companywide bonus, we offer individual performance bonuses for outstanding contributions. Eligible employees may
in mathematics. The Foundation's gift was matched by the Simons participate in the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), which allows purchases of company shares at a discounted
Foundation, a leading philanthropic supporter of STEM. rate, providing an opportunity for long-term financial growth.4
ARCS Foundation is a woman-led nonprofit organization that Our executives are compensated in the same manner, with an emphasis on aligning their pay to stockholder interests,
addresses the U.S. need for new scientists and engineers by providing short- and long-term business strategies, and superior earnings per share growth. A majority of their compensation
financial awards to the country's brightest graduate and undergraduate is tied to performance-based, long-term equity awards and annual cash incentives. Our practices also include robust
students to complete STEM degrees. The Agilent Foundation stock ownership guidelines, mandatory holding periods for certain awards, and policies regarding recoupment, anti-
contributed $20,000 to support graduate-level scholarly research by hedging, and pledging, among others.
women in neural interfaces and nanoscience.
Our Total Rewards Package includes comprehensive health care benefits, retirement programs, and services such
Natsugaku is a summer science camp in Japan that provides as employee assistance programs, employee discounts, and length-of-service awards. Agilent also offers a range of
opportunities for girls in junior and senior high schools to experience wellness programs to support both mind and body. While the specific programs vary by location, they include fitness
science and technology and to think about their future with women and centers and outdoor athletic facilities, sports teams and clubs, on-site massage, nutritional guidance, and mental health
peers active in the field. An OECD study found that Japan had the lowest counseling.
share of women studying science among 36 comparable member
Our regional EHS team leads are part of an HR Emotional Wellness Team, and support-related programs and activities
countries. Each year, 100 Natsugaku applicants are selected from
in their regions, including expanding healthy food options, enhancing fitness activities, and promoting mental wellness.
across Japan. The Agilent Foundation provided the organization with
They also engage remote workers in wellness activities through virtual programming and email communication.
$20,000 in 2022 to help program participants learn about diverse career
Participation in wellness and health promotion activities at Agilent sites and for remote workers is tracked and
paths related to science and technology through close communication
monitored by EHS team leads.
with researchers, engineers, and university students.
4. Employees in Thailand are not eligible for the ESPP due to local regulatory limitations. Employees in all other Agilent locations are eligible.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 60We believe in a work-life balance that gives employees the space to Retention We track additional metrics that
enjoy life, their families, and friendships, and flexibility to manage job and provide insights into the quality
Turnover is one of the most important performance indicators we use to evaluate
personal demands. Flexible time off, flexible schedules, telecommuting, of our employee experience. For
our human capital management efforts overall. We monitor turnover trends along
and company-sponsored activities are some of the ways we help to example, on average:
with other metrics and are proud that our attrition rates regularly track well below
demonstrate our commitment. We consider this critical to employee
market norms. To ensure we quickly identify trends, we use exit interviews to
engagement and retention. 8 -10%
inform our efforts across the employee lifecycle and will review all relevant data
We have developed a flexible workplace program designed to promote when we see attrition rising to ensure we take swift and appropriate action to
engaged work sites where employees come together to innovate and address any underlying reasons for the trend.
collaborate, while maintaining the flexibility for employees to work remotely of our global
as needed to attend to personal needs. This enables many employees hires are former
across Agilent, whose job duties permit, to work from home up to two 2020 2021 2022 employees
days a week and in the office the remaining three days. We also provide all
Voluntary turnover 4.98% 7.24% 8.08%
Agilent employees with six days per year of paid volunteer time off, pro-
rated for part-time employees, to volunteer for causes that are important Involuntary turnover 1.77% 0.86% 1.16% 90%
~
to them. Please see more about our employee matching gift and volunteer Total turnover 6.75% 8.11% 9.24%
programs in the Employee Engagement section of this report.
Agilent also offers location-specific perks and incentives. For example, in of individuals who leave
the United States, Agilent provides access to an on-site health clinic, while In addition, our Global Talent team helps to attract and retain top talent by Agilent would recommend
in India, employees may participate in on-site yoga classes. In China, Agilent encouraging and enabling internal mobility. An internal job board with all open Agilent to a friend
has a free shuttle service to help employees commute to and from work, positions is available to employees globally. Between 20 to 25% of our positions are
while in Germany, employees receive a transportation allowance to cover filled by internal employees who are looking for opportunities to grow their careers
the cost of public transportation. These perks and incentives are designed at Agilent.
22-25%
to help employees maintain their health and well-being and achieve a better
work-life balance. Agilent's approach to health and wellness is focused
on supporting the whole person and creating a positive and healthy work
environment for all employees. of new hires come
through employee
referrals
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 61Talent Development Our culture of continuous development instills in our employees Oversight of Agilent’s LMS platform is an important focus of the
the behaviors that bring our values to life every day. We encourage L&D Board. Our LMS ensures centralized tracking of employee
Our investment in our people’s growth is an investment in our our people to stay up to date on current research and technology, training, which is critical for all required training and training tied
business and in the retention of our competitive advantage, our while enhancing their current skills and growing new skills to meet to regulatory obligations. The Board ensures each group’s learning
edge, and top talents. future needs. We also place special emphasis on training managers needs are being addressed and met by the LMS. The Board is
at all levels to effectively communicate, to mentor, and to reinforce also responsible for identifying significant enterprisewide issues
Our talent development efforts are critical to Agilent's success
our values and culture. This includes imparting the importance of that impact learning and recommend ways to address them,
and important to our attraction, retention, and growth of all our
continuous learning to others. benchmarks learning processes and results as part of continuous
employees. Our Global Human Resources executive team meets
improvement, and measures and reports on learning results that
regularly with company officers and Business HR leaders to validate In the past year, each of our employees has completed an average
are supportive of business needs.
the talent development strategy and gather input on business of over 31 hours of training, underscoring our commitment to
learning and development needs, gaps, and potential solutions. supporting their ongoing growth and development. Members meet quarterly with our Chief Human Resources Officer
HR leaders also work closely with CEO staff, particularly around who serves as the Executive Sponsor of the L&D Board.
leadership development. Learning Management
Training and Professional Development Programs
We align our learning and development investments to ensure we The Learning and Development Governance Board (L&D Board)
are building critical capabilities and skills needed both for the roles at Agilent helps to ensure alignment of our learning strategy and Agilent employees can take courses to ensure they are learning
we have today and the jobs we are envisioning in the future. While initiatives to the overall Agilent business strategy. Comprised of best practices for their current position and to advance to other
the HR team provides the strategy, resources, and tools for talent members from major business areas and functions, the Board meets positions. Many of our employees have long and varied careers at
development, Agilent leaders, in partnership with their employees, monthly to coordinate and collaborate on the following key areas: Agilent, thanks in part to our comprehensive set of education and
are expected to invest in the development and growth of their training offerings. Programs are offered in a variety of formats:
• Learning Management System (LMS)
teams, which in turn drives retention, helps employees achieve face-to-face classroom experiences, on-the-job learning, virtual
• Technology and tools
their ambitions, and enables our company to deliver on our results. classroom events, and self-paced online courses.
Ensuring our people are executing flawlessly in their roles today as • Processes
Our programs to support the growth and development of our
well as preparing for the role they will take on in the future is vital to
• Best practices, standards, guidelines, and templates employees are organized into four categories: Onboarding and
our overall talent management strategy.
Orientation, Leadership and Executive Development Programs,
• Communication and marketing
Our investment in our people starts with the investment in core Employee and Executive Development Programs, and Coaching
• Vendors
training programs required of all employees and leaders. This and Mentoring.
foundation of learning ensures that all employees and leaders have • Reporting and metrics
the same baseline knowledge and skills on what it means to work
• Learning assets
and thrive at Agilent.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 62Onboarding and Orientation. The Onboarding and Orientation and tips to help grow and develop one another. Through these Employees can access our Educational Assistance Program for
program at Agilent is designed to provide new employees with a programs and resources, we foster a culture of continuous learning financial and other assistance to pursue external academic classes
comprehensive introduction to our organization and culture. This and development, ensuring that our leaders have the skills and or degree programs relevant to Agilent's business needs. They can
program is a crucial step in ensuring that new employees feel capabilities to drive the organization's success. also take advantage of our partnerships with major universities to
welcomed and supported as they start their journey at Agilent. During enroll in a distance learning degree program.
Employee and Career Development. Through our Developing@
onboarding and orientation, new employees gain an understanding
Agilent portal, Agilent provides employees with a comprehensive Coaching and Mentorship. Coaching and mentorship are integral
of the company's culture, and how it operates. The program also
range of professional development and training resources – components of our professional development program that allows
provides new employees with the necessary information and
including videos, guided online activities, and classes – that align employees to get tailored and focused one-on-one attention to help
resources to help them succeed in their roles, laying the foundation
with our daily work and Agilent's expectations, and provide the tools them grow.
for a successful and fulfilling career with Agilent.
employees need to follow their desired career path.
The mentorship program uses an online professional matchmaking
Leadership and Executive Development. We recognize the
Our job-specific development portals include all our Academies, platform that facilitates relationships between Agilent leaders or
importance of leadership development and offer a range of
such as Sales Academy, Marketing Academy, Service Academy, subject matter experts with employees who are looking to grow
programs to support the growth and development of our managers
Finance Academy, and Order Fulfillment Academy. These are based on their development interests, goals, and backgrounds. The
and leaders. These programs are designed to build critical
designed to help employees develop their technical and job-related platform also provides bird’s-eye analytics of mentorship across the
leadership skills, including communication, decision-making,
skills through: organization, including data about participants, mentorship duration,
and strategic thinking, and include:
and types of areas where mentees are seeking development,
• Leader-led training to build depth in expertise and practice key skills.
allowing us to monitor and optimize talent development on a global
• Activate Program for our new managers.
• Self-paced online learning to help create a foundation and learn
scale beyond just the mentorship program.
• Accelerate Program our middle-level managers. the basics.
Based on the success of the pilot we ran in 2021 with members of
• Emerging Leaders Program for our high potential • Virtual training to help connect the foundational concepts to
our ENGs, we continued rolling out the program in 2022 to our largest
leadership candidates. real-world applications.
organization, Sales and Services, which represents almost 25% of
• Scaling for Growth Program for our senior leaders. • Self-study materials for reinforcement. our workforce. This phased approach provides an opportunity for
our HR team to solicit feedback from a broader set of employees to
• Recorded videos to learn from experts.
In addition to formal learning programs, we provide resources such
ensure the investment is worthwhile for both mentors and mentees,
as Harvard Business Review materials, online articles, mentoring, We also offer professional skills training, such as Crucial
and to learn where we may need to adjust for certain regions or
coaching, and assessments to support leadership development. Conversations and Project Management Fundamentals, to ensure
groups–for example, when cultural differences make it harder for
Our leaders are invited to attend regular live virtual training webinars that employees can build both soft skills and critical capabilities
some employees to participate because of the way the program is
to help build their skills as people leaders. An online community needed for their continued success in their current role or future
structured or promoted.
for managers is a forum where everyone can share best practices opportunities they may pursue.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 63Agilent’s structured coaching program is available to leaders Talent development is a top priority at Agilent, and a key driver Performance Management
who are in the development cycle, especially participants in of our success as an organization. We recognize that investing
We rely on our managers to champion employees' career
the Emerging Leaders Program. An external vendor matches in the development of our employees is crucial for the long-term
development by guiding them, exploring options, and driving
employees with a certified executive coach based on skill set and success of the company. By providing employees with the tools
action as they work to achieve their development goals. Career
needs. Coaches help program participants gain insight into the and resources they need to enhance their skills and advance their
development includes aligning new assignments and helping
assumptions and patterns they have developed at work. They then careers, Agilent fosters a culture of continuous learning and growth.
develop people for next level roles. We ask managers to have
help make participants more effective leaders by building new
conversations with their direct reports that:
behaviors and approaches, strengthening their current capabilities,
and directing their future growth. • Facilitate insights and awareness.
• Explore possibilities and opportunities.
E-Learning
• Inspire responses that drive employee-owned action.
To encourage learning from anywhere at any time for our global
workforce, and to meet the needs of our hybrid workforce, Goal setting directly aligns each employee's work to the
we make self-paced e-learning for professional and technical organization's strategic priorities and initiatives. Goal setting
skills development available 24 hours a day, seven days a week is employee-owned at Agilent. Employees develop and initiate
through LinkedIn Learning, which about 35% of our employees conversation with their manager around goals, resulting in a
utilize annually. We also have virtual instructor-led programming. greater sense of ownership and engagement in goal progress
Library@Agilent is an online library filled with access to many trade and achievement.
publications, journals, and online databases to enable research and
Annual goal setting starts with employees developing a first draft,
scientific development for all employees.
and then working with their managers to finalize. We encourage
Our 2021 expansion of our E-learning studios, which are equipped managers and employees to set and update goals at quarterly
to broadcast live product training globally with crisp, well-delivered check-ins as they work to meet their deliverables for the year.
video and audio, including backpack studios that contain a wide-
Managers are also expected to work with their team members to
angle-lens camera, 4K camcorder tripod, and portable video mixer,
create development goals and plans, using a consistent approach
enabling the delivery of a wide variety of interactive training to our
and holding the view that everyone on their team can reach their
field service engineers, wherever they are located.
full potential. Managers meet with team members to align on
development for their current role and career aspirations.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 64Employee Engagement The GPTW survey provides valuable insights into the organization's in a meaningful way and that progress is made toward creating an
strengths and areas that need improvement. The survey allows us even more positive and engaging work environment.
Employee engagement at Agilent is key to creating a positive to provide functional, business, and regional leaders at different Agilent implemented several initiatives in response to feedback
and fulfilling employee experience and a work environment levels benchmarks of their top and bottom five questions with received from the GPTW survey in 2022. For example, we enhanced
that fosters employee satisfaction, collaboration, productivity, the highest and lowest scores compared to other groups within communication so employees had a better understanding of
and retention. Agilent, as well as other companies on a regional and global level. the breadth of our suite of benefits they could access. Additional
In our first year of administering the survey companywide, training and development opportunities were provided to help
Engagement Survey
Agilent received certification as a Great Place to Work in over 20 employees advance their careers and enhance their skills, including
Engagement surveys are a valuable tool used to countries, reflecting our ongoing efforts to enhance employee expanded mentoring programs targeting employee-network group
hear from our constituents and incorporate their engagement and satisfaction. The survey results were shared with (ENG) members to ensure these employees were benefiting from
feedback into programming, events, development employees by the CEO, group presidents, and managers during professional development opportunities.
opportunities, best practices, and culture. In 2022, regularly scheduled employee engagement meetings. This allowed
we transitioned from an Agilent-specific leadership employees to hear firsthand that their feedback is valued and used Engaging with Leadership
survey to the Great Place to Work (GPTW) survey. to improve the workplace. Agilent is committed to ensuring that its employees are engaged
After several years of administering an internal In 2022, our participation rate was 74%, globally and 88% of and connected to the company's mission and values. One way
leadership survey, we found that we were scoring consistently participating employees felt that Agilent is a Great Place to Work. we strengthen this connection is through regular conversations
higher. This meant that we were no longer being challenged by the Additionally, Agilent received an overall positive average score of with leaders. For example, Agilent’s CEO hosts annual town halls
results any longer despite knowing there were still areas where 84%, which compares favorably to the 87% average score of the where employees can ask questions and share their thoughts
we had room to grow. Instead of evaluating how leaders are world's top 25 companies. Agilent's top strengths include a high and concerns, providing a platform for open communication and
creating a great workplace, GPTW challenges all individuals in our level of trust in management, recognition of honest mistakes as a engagement between employees and leadership. Additionally,
organization to participate in the creation of a great workplace, part of doing business, and the ability for employees to take time group presidents hold quarterly coffee chats where they interact
and ask ourselves: off work, when needed. Additionally, managers are seen as fair and with employees in a more informal setting. These coffee chats
impartial, while employees feel confident that management would offer employees the opportunity to connect with leaders and share
• Are we respectful to our colleagues and peers?
only lay off employees as a last resort. their ideas and feedback in a relaxed and comfortable environment.
• Do we welcome people into our teams?
While we are pleased with the initial results, we recognize that there
• Are we good at listening to each other? is still more work to be done. In response to the feedback received,
managers are asked to work with their teams to identify one or two
• Do people of different ethnicities or backgrounds feel like they
areas that they can focus on improving in the coming year. This
belong and are included?
approach helps to ensure that the feedback received is acted upon
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 65Employee Recognition Employee Councils Engagement Through Giving and Volunteerism
Our employees need to know that we see Agilent has established councils that Employee engagement is enhanced through meaningful giving and volunteer work. We have implemented
and value their contributions, big and small, cater to the diverse interests and needs various initiatives to promote philanthropy and volunteerism among employees, including volunteer time
and we make a concerted effort to create of employees. These councils provide off, employee matching, and other programs, events, and activities.
a culture of recognition and appreciation. employees with opportunities to connect
These initiatives are supported by the Agilent Foundation, whose mission is to advance the quality of life
We also want to celebrate both professional and share best practices and discuss
in areas where the need is great, and the Foundation is uniquely positioned to have a measurable impact
and personal achievements and milestones. industry trends with colleagues who are
— from ensuring safe water and food to addressing climate change and supporting STEM education for
Agilent's annual engagement survey has experts in a space or would like to become
underrepresented communities.
reinforced that our recognition programs are an expert, and include:
Seven principles guide our philanthropic giving.
important to employees, and we have taken
• Creatives Council
this feedback seriously.
SELF-SUSTAINING: We seek to achieve permanent impact and to promote change that will outlive the
• R&D Council
Agilent empowers managers to recognize their partnerships we create.
employees at their discretion, allowing them • Product Development Council
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION: Our approach to diversity and inclusion considers race, ethnicity, ability,
to deliver recognition that is tailored to their
• Mechanical Engineering Council
culture, and geography in choosing our grantees.
team's needs and preferences. Managers are
• Electrical Engineering Council
given the authority and resources they need
GLOBAL: We strive to distribute our funding proportionately in the communities where we work.
to customize recognition activities, including • Project Management Council
companywide recognition guidelines with EMPLOYEE DRIVEN: We encourage our employees to suggest charitable initiatives to fund in
• People Connect Council
a toolkit of ideas. This approach enables their communities.
managers to recognize their employees in ways • Learning Council
that are most meaningful to them, fostering a • Networking Council EQUITABLE: We seek to improve equity in our communities through our contributions. We also bring
sense of connection and engagement between an equitable approach to our employee gift matching program—all employees receive the same benefit,
employees and with their managers. regardless of their tenure, role, or compensation.
IMPACT: We look for new and innovative solutions to chronic problems. Outcomes should be measurable
with an eye toward continual improvement.
TRANSPARENCY: The Foundation’s financials and grant making process are available to employees,
auditors, and the public. The Foundation, like the corporation, values accountability and integrity.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 66Employee Giving Several measures implemented in 2022 helped us to
enhance program inclusivity, which successfully increased
The Foundation encourages and honors Agilent
engagement from diverse employees, including:
employee philanthropic engagement by matching
their contributions to a wide range of pre-approved
• Widening the match eligibility criteria for causes.
charities through the Benevity giving platform. We also
• Partnering with ENGs and the Global Communications
aim to include the diverse philanthropic priorities of
team.
our employees by offering matching gift and volunteer
opportunities supporting causes that they identify. By • Recruiting global volunteer philanthropic ambassadors.
communicating our employees’ philanthropic activities,
• Launching multiple campaigns benefiting
we cultivate empathy, awareness, and dialogue that
underrepresented or marginalized groups.
fuels community impact.
• Posting more than 100 globally relevant giving and
Employee giving was significantly expanded in 2022
volunteering opportunities to highlight causes in their
through the global launch of our matching gift program,
own backyards.
which provides no minimum donation requirements and
employee rewards, with options to donate to thousands Agilent's matching gift program engaged 6,344 employees
of local, national, and international charities of an to support over 3,500 causes in 2022. Annual contributions
employee's choice up to $25,000 per year. for the program totaled $3.9 million, of which the Agilent
Foundation contributed $1.8 million.
We made several enhancements to our online giving
platform in 2022 to make it more user-friendly and
inclusive for employees. This included updating
the interface, developing engaging content around 634I 4r 3 500
charitable giving, and responding quickly with helpful
philanthropic information when a crisis strikes, such as
supported over
a natural disaster or humanitarian crises.
Agilent employees Causes in 2022
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 67Some of the top charities that were recipients of Agilent’s employee matching gift program include:
THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS
TheNature MD Anderson
CENTER for INTERNATIONAL
Conservancy ENVIRONMENTAL LAW Ganeer Center
Making Cancer History1
MEDECINS SANS FRONTIERES
UNHCR DOCTORS WITHOUT BORDERS
The UN Refugee Agency
Volunteering
Our volunteer programs encourage employees to get involved in their communities and make
a positive impact, fostering a sense of engagement and fulfillment that goes beyond material
compensation and benefits, and offering a sense of greater purpose. In addition to all employees
being eligible for six days of paid volunteer time off per year, through our Dollars for Doers program,
employees who volunteer during non-work hours can earn a credit of $25 per hour that they can
donate to an eligible cause of their choice on our giving platform.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 68Volunteering Locally to Fight Agilent Women Helping Women Enter the STEM Workforce
Global Food Insecurity
Nvolve is an all-volunteer, non-profit organization with the mission to address the STEM gender gap and bridge the transition from STEM
education to successful early STEM careers. This is especially important for students from underrepresented backgrounds: first-generation
In February 2022, approximately 40 Agilent employees college students, women of color, and those experiencing economic challenges. In collaboration with academic and industry partners, Nvolve
used their volunteer time off to support Rise Against has designed a year-round program that uses unique approaches to mentoring, professional skill-building, and experiential learning.
Hunger (RAH), an international hunger relief organization.
A group of Agilent employees supported the program in 2022 through volunteering time, sharing expertise, and contributing financially
Meeting in a Philadelphia warehouse, it was the first time
through our employee matching gift program.
many had seen their peers face-to-face in the two years
since the start of the pandemic. Heather Lustig, Agilent Director of Sales, was a member of Nvolve's first mentoring cohort and currently serves on its Advisory Board.
The group learned about the realities of food insecurity, Seven Agilent employees volunteered as mentors to Nvolve scholars, signing on to a two-year commitment to coach college women of
while participating in a meal packing event as part of a diverse backgrounds until they graduate with a STEM bachelor’s degree and transition to the next step in their career.
volunteer-based program that coordinates the assembly-
line packaging of highly nutritious, dehydrated meals, used
primarily for school feeding programs in developing countries.
Julie Hagel
Linh Dinh-Nguyen Elizabeth Ray
Customer Kathleen Raymond
John DiMare, a 29-year Agilent employee Online Technical LC/MS Field
Support Engineer, GC Curriculum Manager
and event organizer, encouraged the team Support Service Engineer
LC Team Lead
to learn more about the hunger movement,
a cause that is key to his personal mission.
In 2022, John also contributed financially to
RAH through Agilent’s matching gift program, supporting Maureen Sharon Suneetha Tippireddy Diluka Wijesinghe
Customer Service Global Quality and Heather Lustig
a $3 million shipment of critical medical supplies for a Haitian Services Business
Organization Portfolio Regulatory Affairs Director of Sales
hospital battling a cholera outbreak during a period of civil Operations Director
Manager Data Analyst
unrest and insecurity. Agilent commends John for being
a champion for RAH and its important mission to end
hunger by providing food and life-saving aid to the
world’s most vulnerable.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 69Diversity and Inclusion D&I Approach and Strategy Our Diversity Office sets our enterprise strategy and curates tools and
resources for business and functional leaders to drive implementation
We drive inclusion and a sense of belonging by infusing D&I into our of the strategy based on the specific needs of their groups,
At Agilent, diversity and inclusion (D&I) are at the core of how we
organization at all levels. geographies, and cultures. Remaining constant is the overarching focus
operate. Across all levels, we welcome diversity of backgrounds,
of our efforts, which is to build a sense of connection and belonging as
beliefs, and ideas. We also foster an atmosphere of inclusion so With 18,000 employees across 36 countries, multiple feedback
Agilent attracts and develops extraordinary talent.
every employee can feel comfortable being their true selves at work. channels inform the work of our Diversity Office. This includes
presenting and participating in leadership and team meetings, where In 2021, we rolled out our five-pillar D&I strategy:
Our people are our strength, and we know we are strongest when
we all contribute our unique and individual perspectives. Diversity they hear directly from employees at all levels of the organization. Attract – identify and hire diverse talent
and inclusion are rooted in our One Agilent values and are critical in The Diversity Office meets regularly with our ENG D&I Council, Retain – build inclusive teams and support the worker experience
achieving our mission to advance the quality of life. Executive D&I Council, and grassroots D&I councils, gathering
Engage – cultivate a sense of organizational belonging
additional perspectives from diverse employees around the world.
Our growth as an organization is dependent on a continued
In addition, our annual all-employee survey provides individual and Develop – introduce inclusive leadership, develop cultural competence
emphasis of D&I principles. As such, we are working toward
aggregate insight from a large number of employees across the
a future with: Highlight – give diverse talent access and visibility to leaders
company, adding further depth to our understanding of the employee
• Increased diverse representation at all levels of the organization. To create holistic change, the tactical elements are consistent
experience as a whole and by demographic and geography. The
worldwide and are customized for each local region and group
• Culture that supports and values all dimensions of identity. insights gathered underpin our strategy and guide enhancements to
leveraging a toolkit curated by the Diversity Office.
our programming and practices.
• Leaders who continue to deepen their understanding
and execution of inclusivity.
Toolkit by Pillar
• Even more robust selection of D&I tools and resources
for personal and professional growth.
Attract Retain Engage Develop Highlight
• Wide recognition as an employer of choice for talent
across all dimensions of diversity. Inclusive Workday D&I Reports Diversity Month Activities D&I Resources for Leaders: D&I Council
Recruitment Toolkits for Leaders
Inclusive Language Guide • Allyship Annual Diversity Report
Onboarding Team
Conference Room Renaming • Unconscious Bias Sustainability Council
Channel
Cohort Driven Learning • Inclusive Leadership D&I Communication Plan
Materials
• Emerging Leader Program
• Gender Reassignment
Guidelines
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 702022 Objective: Building a Foundation of Awareness Employee-Network Groups
Representation has a direct impact on how an organization looks and
ENGs are an important – and growing – part of the Agilent culture.
feels for each employee.
Agilent employees launched two ENGs in 2022: API for Asian and Pacific Islander employees and La
The rollout of a new human resources reporting tool in 2020 allowed us
Chispa for Hispanic and Latino employees, bringing our total number of ENGs to seven.
to provide leaders with more granular group-level diversity data. This in
Our ENGs bring together employees who share a dimension of identity. Run by employees, with direct
turn drove awareness of gaps in representation, which helped leaders
support from our CEO staff, the groups serve their members and allies through career panels, networking
better understand and target areas where greater focus is needed
events, lectures featuring executives and special guests, and opportunities for professional development.
for their teams, tailoring D&I programming accordingly. We set the
expectation that each leader is responsible for proactive representation They also provide valuable emotional support. For example, after the racially motivated shooting in Buffalo,
and development of a diverse pipeline, as well as integration of D&I into New York, CoBE, our ENG for Black employees, organized virtual hangouts to provide a safe space for
their business strategy. We are gratified to see how leaders have risen to members to share their thoughts. And when the U.S. saw an uptick in violence against people of Asian
the challenge with support from the Diversity Office. descent, our API group collaborated with allies to produce videos and other forms of supportive outreach.
Leaders and managers at Agilent must take an in-depth unconscious
ENGs at Agilent now include:
bias course before undertaking any people leader responsibilities.
They can also participate in robust curricula including:
La
• Allyship in Action Veterans@
Agilent Chispa
• Inclusive Leadership
• Emerging Leader Program (D&I component)
API Veterans@ CoBE La Chispa Rainbow SWE@Agilent Women@
Agilent Spark Agilent
Asian Pacific Black Hispanic Society of
Islander Military employees and Latino LGBTQIA+ Women
employees veterans employees employees Engineers
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 71Allyship at Agilent 2023 Programs
Allyship is a fundamental trait that strengthens Agilent’s culture of inclusion. We are proud of the momentum our Diversity Office developed in 2022. Here’s how we plan to build upon
those successes in 2023.
In 2022, our Diversity Office curated a learning path called Allyship in Action to help managers understand
what allyship means and how to leverage it in transformational ways. Completed in cohorts of 3-5 people,
Inclusive Leadership
the program included activities and discussions that encouraged meaningful self-reflection.
Level Up is our program for developing inclusive-leadership skills across the company.
We piloted the program with 100+ volunteer leaders and employees. Participants told us they came away
with a better understanding of how allyship can make employees feel more engaged and connected. Specifically, we have curated an engaging learning path for leaders that is self-driven and easy to
incorporate into a busy day. We will start with 2,000+ people leaders and eventually roll out the program
Scores for the two program levels piloted in 2022 indicated a significant increase in understanding allyship.
across the organization.
Based on the success of the pilot, we will continue to rollout the program more broadly in 2023.
Participants will learn how to develop a growth mindset, provide inclusive feedback, understand diverse
Allyship Learning Path Scores cultures, and more.
Gender Identity
Pre-Assessment Post-Assessment
Level Median increase
Median Score Median Score The Diversity Office is working with our HR and Legal teams to review and revise any policies related
to gender identity and identity affirmation. Our aim in 2023 is to make sure our HR team and people
managers have the resources they need to support any employees who are considering or in the
1 73% 93% +20 ppt
process of identity affirmation.
2 60% 93% +33 ppt These resources include guidelines, articles, learning paths, and communication templates. Our goal is
to ensure any employee choosing to share their identity intentions with a manager and/or HR are treated
with dignity, respect, and compassion.
Inclusive Language
In 2023 the Diversity Office will deliver a learning path and guide that addresses questions around
inclusive language. The materials will be available to all employees through our D&I intranet site.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 72Measuring our Progress Employee Engagement Survey Women in Leadership
Our employee engagement survey includes five questions that In the aggregate, Agilent’s gender representation remains strong.
The Agilent Diversity Office uses three legacy metrics to track our
comprise what we call our Diversity and Inclusion Index. We aim for We are committed to maintaining that rate of representation
D&I progress: the number of women in leadership roles, pay equity
scores of at least 80% on each question, across all demographics, consistently at every level.
by gender, and the results of our annual all-employee survey. This
locations, businesses, and functions.
year, we have supplemented our metric for women in leadership by Due to the pandemic and other economic issues, we have seen
adding a category for employees who are Black, Indigenous, and/ Our 2022 D&I Index scores using the Great Place to Work survey more women than men leave management roles over the past
or women of color (BIWOC). This gives us greater visibility as to the questions were 90% favorable, while our 2021 D&I index scores several years. However, Agilent has been able to maintain our
intersection of gender and race/ethnicity, helping us better manage using Agilent’s internal leadership survey were 88% favorable. representation levels at associate vice president and above.
our pipeline development efforts.
Pay Equity
We broadened our pay-equity goal to include compa-ratio measures
by race/ethnicity. This helps us identify whether there is a significant To determine pay equity by gender, we calculate the ratio of women’s 2020 2021 2022
difference in the pay rate for a specific demographic relative to the salaries to those of men in similar roles and responsibilities.
overall wage potential for a role. We target a ratio of 1.0, which would mean women and men are Global female leaders 28% 30% 30%
being paid equally.6
We also improved our ability to gain insights into the employee
experience from our annual employee survey by upgrading from our
Among U.S. employees, we have broadened our goal for the number
internal employee survey to one administered by the Great Place to Employee Category 2020 2021 2022
of women in leadership to incorporate the intersection of gender
Work Institute. Among its many benefits, the new survey provides
and race. This helps us ensure equitable distribution of development
more detailed demographic data, as well as comparative data for Non-technical 1.0 1.0 1.0
opportunities and visibility to mentors and sponsors. It also helps
other best-in-class organizations.
Technical 1.0 1.0 1.0 us explore solutions toward mitigating bias in the practices and
procedures that drive internal mobility.
Senior leaders 1.0 1.0 1.0
2021 2022
BIWOC U.S. leaders 9.50% 10.41%
6. Pay equity data represents the salary ratios by employee category. The ratios shown were calculated by determining the average compa-ratio of pay in each employee category, then dividing the BIWOC U.S. female leaders 28.20% 31.39%
average compa-ratio. Within Agilent, we use three major employee categories to calculate pay equity. People Managers are the senior-level people managers in each organization.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 73Diverse Representation
We made incremental but important gains in 2022. We are working to improve upon these gains by focusing on early-career retention and development.
To that end, our Learning and Development team has redesigned leadership-training programs, launched mentoring and coaching platforms, and
expanded training options to build inclusive-leadership traits.
2022 U.S. Employee Racial/Ethnic Diversity 2022 U.S. and Global Employee Gender Diversity
100% 100%
80% 77% 80%
70% 68% 70%
66%
60% 62% 63% 60% 61% 59% 60% 60% 61%
40% 40% 39% 41% 40% 40% 39%
32% 30% 33%
20% 16% 16% 18% 18% 20%
4% 1% 2% 7% 1% 5% 1% 10% 3% 7% 9% 2% 7%
Leadership Managers Non-Managers All Employees Leadership Managers Non-Managers All Employees
White Asian Hispanic or Latino Two or More Races Male (U.S.) Male (Global) Female (U.S.) Female (Global)
Black or African American Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 74Occupational Health determine appropriate controls in accordance with regulations and personnel. Action Levels are set at 50% of regulatory exposure
industry best practices. Hazard assessments are also conducted at limits. Agilent’s main manufacturing and R&D sites are ISO
and Safety customer sites where Agilent employees may travel for installation, 14001:2015 certified with chemical management being a principal
calibration, or service of Agilent’s laboratory analytical equipment. element in the ISO 14001 requirements. Initiatives on sustainability
include chemical management areas and are an integral part of
New employee orientation and training includes instruction to
As part of our mission to advance the quality of life, protecting
Agilent’s continual improvement efforts.
report hazards and circumstances they consider might be unsafe.
the health and safety of our employees, contractors, customers,
Employees are instructed to refuse work or remove themselves Our research and development, manufacturing, and distribution
and communities is a top priority. Agilent’s EHS policy outlines
from work environments that they perceive to be unsafe and report operations involve the use of hazardous substances and are
a fundamental corporate commitment to providing healthy and
their concerns and the circumstances to their manager who then regulated under international, federal, state, and local laws
safe work environments and processes that enable our people to
initiates appropriate corrective and preventative action (CAPA) and governing health and safety and the environment. We apply strict
work injury and illness free while operating in an environmentally
involves EHS, as necessary. standards for protection of the environment and occupational
responsible manner. We ensure managers and employees are
health and safety to sites inside and outside the U.S., even if not
trained and accountable for preventing work-related injuries and CAPAs are also developed based on an evaluation of results from
subject to regulation imposed by foreign governments.
provide wellness programs that contribute to the productivity, risk assessments, inspections, program reviews, and accident
health, and well-being of employees. investigations. Internal and external EHS audits along with periodic
Ergonomics
management reviews supplement the ongoing continuous
OHS Management System
improvement processes. Data developed from EHS training and Office ergonomics and manual material handling represent a
CAPAs are monitored quarterly and reviewed with executive significant exposure area. Concerted efforts have been and
The EHSMS is aligned to ISO 45001, with our site in Beijing management semi-annually. continue to be made to provide optimal office ergonomics
having external certification. Occupational health and safety
equipment and configurations, including work from home. Training
(OHS) documents are used by Agilent personnel and contractors
Safety Emphasis Areas and assessments are required for computer use of more than
responsible for implementing appropriate programs at all
two hours per day. Assessments are also required for manual
organizational levels, including global, business, region, country,
Chemical Management material handling tasks and training is provided for personnel with
geography, and site.
those exposures. A Certified Professional Ergonomist oversees
Operations pursue improvements to reduce chemical usage and
All Agilent sites are required to comply with regulations and our ergonomic program development, with sites tailoring specific
provide engineering and administrative controls to minimize the
Agilent’s EHS standards and are subject to regular internal audits elements to best fit their exposures.
risks and impacts associated with chemical usage. Effective
and program assessments. Agilent’s staff of EHS professionals
processes, controls, and documentation are in place. Professional
conduct and oversee risk assessments of operations, including all
EHS staff formally review new chemical use and complete
new or changed operations and exposures, to identify hazards and
exposure assessments. Regular training is conducted for affected
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 75Safety Culture OHS Programs
A significant factor in Agilent’s safety performance is the organizational culture that places a high Agilent offers numerous programs and educational opportunities aimed at managing the health,
level of importance on safety. This culture has grown over years of building our safety processes safety, and well-being of employees, their families, and community members. The Agilent Human
as part of continuous improvement. The focus on safety is reflected in the planning, design, and Resources and Benefits organizations provide comprehensive health care plans and other benefits to
implementation of safe work methods, facilities, and equipment. Employees are actively engaged in employee and family members that assist in managing their personal medical, and other health and
improving our processes. wellness needs. These plans include counseling services and risk-based health coaching.
All employees receive a safety orientation when hired. Managers and EHS staff complete a Training Some of the occupational health services and activities provided by the EHS team, or in partnership
Needs Assessment for their teams and are responsible for employee EHS training. with the HR team, include:
EHS training is typically provided through classroom instruction, online courses, written procedures,
• Injury prevention education
and on-the-job training. A suite of online exposure-specific safety training courses such as Hazard
• COVID-19 vaccination information and on-site vaccine clinics
Communication and Chemical Safety, Safe Lifting, PPE, and Managers’ EHS Responsibilities is
maintained in our Learning Management System. • Ergonomic “playbook” resource for home workstation assessments
Health and Safety committees are an integral part of EHS processes at our sites and help drive • Care for work-related injuries and illnesses
continuous improvement in support of our ISO certifications and EHSMS. Approximately 75% of the
• Hearing conservation program
total workforce is represented in formal joint management-worker health and safety committees.
• Respiratory protection program
As required on a country level, health and safety topics are included for discussion with local worker
councils or trade unions. • Wellness activities
Workers are encouraged to provide ideas and suggestions for further improvement in our EHS • Site fitness centers
processes. All employees and directly supervised non-Agilent workers receive safety indoctrination
as part of the onboarding process. Periodic communications and exposure-specific safety and
health training and refresher training are provided depending on job roles/exposures. Personnel
understand the importance of and expectations for safety in all operations, which is an integral part
of the organization’s culture.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 76OHS Progress
Work-related incidents are investigated by managers and EHS staff to identify causes.
Correctives are developed using the hierarchy of controls and Agilent’s guidance document
for incident reporting, investigation, and corrective actions, and are tracked to closure.
We continued our downward trend for occupational health and safety incidents in 2022,
with a 0.17 total recordable injury rate, against an industry benchmark of 1.0.7
Injuries and Fatalities 2020 2021 2022
Number of recordable work-related injuries 55 65 44
Rate of recordable work-related injuries 0.31 0.27 0.17
Number of high-consequence work-related injuries 0 0 0
Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries 0.01 0 0
Number of fatalities 0 0 0
♦Incident data includes non-Agilent workers who Agilent teams directly supervise.
7. Benchmarking data is for Agilent’s primary NAICS code and industry, 334516 Analytical laboratory instrument manufacturing,
based on U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Survey of Occupational Injuries and Illnesses Data, 2021 Summary Tables, Table 1,
https://www.bls.gov/iif/nonfatal-injuries-and-illnesses-tables.htm
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 77Product Quality and Safety remains adequate, effective, and fully aligned with our company policy.
By following and adhering to our QMS, we aim to consistently exceed
customer expectations, minimize risks associated with our products and
Our work enables scientists, engineers, and researchers to make
processes, and enhance operational efficiency. We expect the same from
breakthrough discoveries, and helps lab technicians ensure the
our suppliers, partners, and contractors that support our businesses.
safety and quality of products and the environments we live in. Our
customers depend not only on our leading-edge technologies, but We maintain external quality certifications, as relevant and required
also on the high quality that underlies all our products, services, and by jurisdiction. Our enterprise-level ISO 9001 certification covers all
support. our products and services across our sites globally, apart from three
locations that maintain site- and product-level ISO 9001 certification.
We maintain policies, procedures, processes, and systems that ensure
Locations that sell and manufacture medical devices also maintain
consistent quality of our products, the protection of the health and
ISO 13485 certification. Other quality-related certifications we
safety of customers and patients, and compliance with applicable
maintain include ISO/IEC 17025-1 for testing and calibration
standards and regulations where our products are sold.
laboratories, ISO 17034 for the production of reference materials,
ISO 14001 for environmental management systems, ISO 27001 for
Quality Management
information security management systems, and Cyber Essentials
certification for protections against cyber threats. Copies of all
Agilent is committed to providing high quality products and services that
relevant certifications are available on Agilent's website.
deliver trusted answers through an unwavering focus on patient safety,
The Global Quality and Regulatory Affairs team ensures that Agilent’s
fulfilling customer expectations, ensuring regulatory compliance, and
overall quality objectives are met, and the company Quality Policy,
fostering a culture of continuous improvement.
Quality Manual, and QMS are regularly reviewed and maintained.
Agilent’s Quality Policy sets the foundation of our Quality Management
Regularly scheduled Quality Management Reviews ensure that all
System (QMS), which is designed to fulfill our unwavering commitment
quality-related requirements, including the defined quality objectives,
to providing safe and high-quality products and services for our
are being met. Identified deficiencies are corrected and monitored to
customers and patients. Dedication to quality and safety management
ensure that the One Agilent Quality Management System across the
is a vital component of our mission to provide innovative solutions that
business continues to be effective in meeting Agilent’s stated Quality
contribute to the advancement of science and healthcare.
Policy and customer requirements. Quality Management Reviews
Our QMS encompasses all aspects of our business, including design
happen at all relevant levels of the organization, including regular
and development, manufacturing, distribution, marketing, service, and
Executive Quality Management Review (EQMR) with the Agilent’s CEO
support. This system is regularly monitored and updated to ensure it
and the Executive Leadership Team.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 78Celebrating World Conscience is "the inner voice that tells us what is right and wrong." It is the part
of us that leads us to do the right thing, even when no one is looking.
Quality Week
Having a quality conscience means being aware - and taking actions to ensure
the quality in all you do - not just because it's the right thing to do, but because
When it comes to quality, everyone at Agilent
it's what you want to do.
has a role. When people feel ownership of
Some of the characteristics of having a quality conscience include:
their work, maintain focus on continuous
improvement, and have the training and
• Taking on and learning from new challenges-even if you fail.
resources for their growth and development,
• Innovating, and looking for new ways to constantly improve.
we strengthen our culture of quality.
• Proactively anticipating customer needs and resolving issues.
World Quality Week is the Chartered
Quality Institute’s annual campaign to raise • Communicating well with, and respecting views of others.
awareness of the quality management
• Adhering to the highest ethical standards because anything less is unacceptable.
profession. The 2022 theme for World
Quality Week was "Quality Conscience: • Making and keeping commitments.
Doing the right thing.” We celebrated • Taking pride in your work.
World Quality Week by communicating
• Bringing your best self to work each day.
with employees about what a Quality
Conscience means, as part of our If these things look and feel familiar, it is because these characteristics are woven
awareness activities to further establish into and throughout Agilent's values. They are the foundation of who we are as a
quality as part of our day-to-day. company, and of the work we do every day.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 79Product Safety
The Vigilance (Product Safety) group sits under the Office of the Chief Medical Officer (OCMO)
where the voice of the patient is integrated into Agilent’s innovative solutions to advance the
quality of life. Safety and vigilance are also integrated into our Quality Policy. Our QMS complies
with the U.S. FDA Quality System Regulation, and similar regulations in other jurisdictions that are
intended to ensure medical devices are safe and effective for use in clinical settings. Our products
used for testing and diagnostics are critical to patient health outcomes, ensuring patients receive
an accurate and timely diagnosis and appropriate treatment.
The Head of Vigilance is responsible for setting the strategy, leading our Vigilance organization,
and ensuring our vigilance function is robust, well-connected to our businesses, and focused
on the safety of patients and users of our instruments. Serving as a key member of the OCMO's
executive leadership team, the Head of Vigilance also plays a key governance role as part of
Agilent’s Safety Board.
The Vigilance organization collaborates with clinical, medical, quality, and regulatory counterparts
and others across the business to provide input and oversight for all safety issues, including
review of medical device reporting and any other vigilance issues. In addition, the Vigilance team is
responsible for:
• Developing programs and processes aligned with regulatory requirements in collaboration
with other internal functions.
• Aggregating and interpreting reporting and signal detection, and maintaining and updating
risk-benefit profiles.
• Ensuring high quality case processing consistent with quality performance metrics.
• Participating in audits with health authorities and notified bodies.
Agilent takes patient safety seriously and the OCMO group increases the profile of the patient
impact as Agilent moves further into healthcare. We create proactive risk assessments with
medical overview in diagnostic products.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 80To ensure compliance to health authorities globally, we adhere to Post-market surveillance for monitoring product performance
the following vigilance regulations, among others: allows us to: Transition to EU IVD Regulation
• IVDR EU 2017/746 European Union In-vitro Medical Device • Detect and evaluate problems early. The EU’s In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (IVDR) (EU) 2017/746
Regulation • Address problems that may emerge during actual use. is a new, harmonized regulatory framework established to
• FDA 21 CFR Part 803 U.S. Federal Code of Regulations ensure the present and future safety and performance of in
• Monitor known risks.
Medical Device Reporting vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical devices in the EU. It replaces
• Minimize patient risks. the previous IVD Directive (IVDD) 78/79/EC, under which
• FDA 21 CFR Part 812 U.S. Federal Code of Regulation
many Agilent products have been CE-IVD marked, certifying
Investigational Device Exemptions This is accomplished in large part by maintaining procedures
compliance. Given the timelines and complexities of developing
for receiving, reviewing, and investigating complaints in a timely
• ISO 14971 Application of Risk Management to Medical IVD medical devices and receiving regulatory approval, the
and uniform manner, and reporting any potential issues to
Devices European Commission adopted a progressive rollout of the
regulatory authorities as necessary. Trending of complaints
• ISO 13485 Medical Device Quality Management System Regulation, establishing new transitional periods according to
allows Agilent to identify issues early, thereby helping to keep
device risk classes.
customers and patients safe.
Product complaints are reviewed with patient and user
At Agilent, we recognized that this new IVDR framework would
safety in mind. The Vigilance team investigates cases with Agilent’s Field Service and Sales organizations have established
not only affect us as a manufacturer of in vitro diagnostics, but
potential safety implications to get to the root cause and will feedback channels to identify and address any of our
it would also have significant impact on our customers who use
report to Health Authorities all serious adverse events (SAE) customers’ product or service needs. All service personnel
our portfolio of products in their diagnostic laboratories. Our
and malfunctions that could cause SAEs. These reports are must be trained in identifying product complaints and potential
multi-disciplinary team came together to make this a seamless
available on the U.S. FDA Manufacturer and User Facility Device safety issues and the corresponding procedural documents.
transition for our customers as we endeavored to fulfill IVDR
Experience (MAUDE) database and will also be publicly available
For any complaints and reports of potential adverse incidents requirements within the established timelines.
on the European Database on Medical Devices (EUDAMED) at
received, the Complaints Management Team and the Vigilance
the end of 2024. In June 2022, we announced that our previously CE-IVD marked
Team work in close collaboration with field service engineers,
Class A instruments, kits, and reagents were released under
We are committed to continuous improvement of our products product support, R&D, and manufacturing organizations to
IVDR in compliance with the new Regulation. This ensured
and processes. With the Quality organization, the Vigilance ensure complaints are thoroughly investigated, and addressed
that EU laboratories reliant on Agilent IVD products for their
organization maintains a post-market surveillance and vigilance in compliance with national, regional, and global regulations,
diagnostic workflows were able to continue to use these
system to analyze, evaluate, monitor, and control the risk of company policies, and business objectives.
products without disruption. Since then, we have been working
adverse events and malfunctions that could lead to adverse
diligently to meet the remaining IVDR timelines.
events related to our products, and study feedback from our
customers about product performance.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 81Supplier ESG Standards Agilent’s Standards of Business Conduct clarifies the extension of our values to our suppliers—we
will not establish or maintain a business relationship with a supplier if we believe that its practices
and Compliance violate local laws or basic international principles relating to labor standards, environmental
protection, and ethical conduct.
Suppliers must also adhere to our General Specification for the Environment (GSE), which outlines
Agilent collaborates with thousands of suppliers of goods and services around the world–
the requirements for purchased parts, components, materials, and products incorporated into Agilent
our relationships with suppliers are of great strategic importance. Common sense, good
products. These requirements represent restrictions imposed on Agilent’s end products, which may
judgement, and the highest standards of integrity are what we use in working with suppliers.
be different than those imposed on the individual parts and components, and in some cases, exceed
We expect our suppliers to act with uncompromising integrity and follow all appropriate
regulatory requirements. These requirements cover environmental requirements related to product
global and regional laws and regulations. We partner with our suppliers to ensure they operate
content, packaging, product labeling and marketing, and chemical registration, among others, as well
sustainably, responsibly, and transparently in accordance with the same standards we require
as content and substance restrictions.
of ourselves. Long-term working relationships with suppliers is our priority achieved through
mutual performance expectations and measures, performance feedback, and performance We continually monitor and evaluate the status of various ESG issues and impacts around the world
improvement plans. that may be relevant to our business, assessing potential changes to risks in our supply chain and new
or enhanced laws and regulations. This information is used to ensure our supplier requirements are
Agilent’s Supplier Code of Conduct outlines requirements we expect suppliers to follow. Agilent
current, appropriate actions to detect and mitigate risks are being taken, and our employee training is
Procurement works with its functional partners to ensure all the appropriate laws and regulations are
updated accordingly.
encapsulated within the Code of Conduct, which is reviewed and updated annually. Suppliers must
be able to comply with our policies and standards outlined in the Code, including those related to: More details about our supplier requirements can be found on our website.
• Quality
• Regulatory
• Environment and Sustainability
• Health and Safety
• Human Rights and Employment Practices
• Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery
• Supply Chain Security
• Privacy and IT Security
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 82Procurement ESG Program
The Procurement ESG Program was launched in 2020 to expand our approach to supplier
sustainability, diversity, and compliance, and engage and collaborate with suppliers on our
Scope 3 emissions reduction goals.
Supplier Onboarding, Assessment and Audits Identify Suppliers Distribute Supplier Evaluate Supplier Assign Risk Levels Conduct
Compliance Responses and Flag High-Risk External On-site
Agilent is committed to sourcing from organizations that share our values around human rights, ethics,
Questionnaire Suppliers Verifications
product quality and safety, and environmental responsibility. Who we do business with matters.
New suppliers are identified, evaluated, and selected based on their ability to meet pre-defined
requirements and provide the best overall value to Agilent. Suppliers are re-evaluated based on the above segmentation and regulatory or other requirements.
In 2022, 142 supplier assessments were completed.
During the onboarding process, suppliers are provided Agilent’s Supplier Code of Conduct,
which communicates our expectation regarding compliance with our requirements. In 2023, Agilent will begin using new technology that automates the assessment process.
This will help us meet changing regulations and increase our capacity to assess more suppliers.
Communicating our ESG expectations is just the first step. Once selected, new suppliers exceeding
In addition to assessments, we conduct Supplier Relationship Management (SRM) reviews with
estimated annual spend thresholds and/or belonging to certain industry sectors are invited to access
our strategic suppliers. SRM reviews are designed to evaluate KPIs, collaborate on innovation, and
our supplier portal and complete a business assessment questionnaire regarding the supplier’s financial
discuss other relevant topics that enhance the strategic business relationship.
performance, legal and regulatory compliance, and sustainability practices. Select suppliers are requested
to undergo our Supplier Compliance Assessment process. Both processes identify potential areas of risk.
As needed, mitigation steps are defined and must be implemented prior to onboarding the supplier. 10. Agilent receives an annual Supplier EHSSR Audit Assurance Statement from DEKRA, certifying the prior year’s supplier audits, attesting
that DEKRA can provide reasonable assurance the claims regarding environmental, health, safety, and social responsibility (EHS&SR) for
Agilent also performs an annual Supplier Compliance Assessment to ensure select existing
our third-party audits. Certification means that suppliers were found to be in compliance with, or have provided corrective action plans to
suppliers are meeting the requirements and expectations outlined in our Supplier Code of Conduct. become compliant with, Agilent’s stated EHS&SR program, including but not limited to: policies regarding worker safety, environmental
Suppliers are identified based on criteria including strategic importance to Agilent, spend, industry safety, ozone depleting compounds, and policies that strictly forbid and prevent any and all acts of human trafficking or slavery.
sector, country, and other relevant criteria. After suppliers complete a compliance assessment
questionnaire, responses are evaluated and suppliers are assigned a risk level. Risk mitigation steps
are in place for any supplier identified as high or medium risk–any high-risk supplier is put on an
audit list for further evaluation through an on-site audit conducted by a third-party partner.10 Non-
conformances require a remediation plan and are re-audited upon completion of remediation.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 83Employee Training Supplier Diversity
All Agilent employees are required to participate in annual Standards of Business We believe that diverse businesses create the greatest economic impact in our communities, as well as offer
Conduct training, which outlines expectations for dealing with customers and suppliers innovative, high-quality, and cost-effective solutions for Agilent to better serve our customers. In addition to Agilent’s
and conduct in the workplace. Procurement professionals are also required to take existing Small Business Program, our Supplier Diversity Program – launched in 2021 – aims to increase our
updated Supplier Code of Conduct training annually. procurement of goods and services from diverse suppliers. To accomplish this, we have developed a three-year plan,
focused on:
Other courses are reviewed and rolled out for Procurement professionals as we identify
risks, such as:
• Actively seeking out certified diverse suppliers that can provide competitive, high-quality goods and services.
• Protecting Trade Secrets • Ensuring the inclusion of diverse suppliers as part of our strategic sourcing and procurement process.
• Financial Fraud Prevention • Communicating the value of supplier diversity to internal stakeholders.
• Social Networking-Engage Responsibility • Training our Procurement professionals.
• Eliminating Forced Labor, Slavery, and Human Trafficking from
Over the last two years, we have created a broader internal awareness of supplier diversity and its benefits. We
the Global Supply Chain
promoted supplier diversity through engaging with functional VPs and their staff, meeting with ENGs, conducting “think
• Understanding the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act tank” sessions with our procurement teams, and including enterprise communications in Agilent’s employee newsletter.
• Global Corruption and Bribery-What You Need to Know Agilent’s 2022 spend with certified U.S. diverse suppliers was $100.4 million, a 47% increase from the previous
year. Our percentage of spend with diverse suppliers was 7.5% in 2022, up 1.4% from 2021. In 2022, total small and
Trainings for different teams and regions are reviewed annually. New trainings in
diverse spend was $164 million, a 23% increase over 2021.
2022 included topics such as supplier diversity, supplier engagement, sustainability,
To increase diverse spend, we conducted over 20 RFPs that targeted diverse suppliers, with 25% resulting in contract
and changes in regulatory compliance.
awards to diverse suppliers. We also successfully piloted capturing Tier 2 diverse spend — the diverse spend our Tier 1
In addition to internally developed training, Procurement professionals participate
suppliers employ in delivering goods and service to Agilent. We plan to launch Tier 2 reporting in 2023 with 11 suppliers.
in advisory council webinars, roundtables, and panel discussions enhancing their
In 2023, we will also continue to focus on growing spend with diverse suppliers, particularly in seeking out
knowledge both internally and with external industry groups.
certified LGBTQIA+ suppliers that can meet Agilent’s business needs. We will accomplish this by continuing to
educate our procurement teams on supplier diversity, and by presenting business partners with opportunities to
consider new diverse suppliers or increase the scope of services with existing diverse suppliers. In addition, we
will begin to investigate expanding our Supplier Diversity Program beyond the U.S. to other countries, such as
Canada, the U.K., and India.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 84Human Rights and Labor Protections
Agilent’s core values and culture reflect a commitment to ethical Our Supplier Code of Conduct requires our suppliers to support
business practices and good corporate citizenship wherever we and promote fundamental human rights and worker protections.8
operate in the world. This includes a commitment to ensuring Our supplier compliance assessments include questions on
there is no modern day slavery or human trafficking in our supply human rights and employment practices, with responses to these
chains or in any part of our businesses. questions factored into assigning of risk levels and determining
need for an on-site audit.
As a company, we acknowledge and respect the fundamental
principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human There are new laws regarding eliminating slavery and forced labor
Rights, and our policies and practices reflect our commitment in our supply chains each year. We continually monitor these laws
to promote human rights within the company’s sphere of and update our requirements to match. Additional evaluations are
influence. We are committed to sourcing components and being added to make sure we meet the requirements.
materials from organizations that share our values, and do not
Agilent expects suppliers to provide conflict free materials that
knowingly conduct business with any individual or company
have not originated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or
that participates in the exploitation of children, physical
adjoining countries. We expect suppliers to adopt policies and
punishment, forced labor, or human trafficking.
management systems with respect to conflict minerals to ensure
Agilent sources components and assemblies for our products conflict-free supply chains.9 Agilent supports the goal of ending
from suppliers around the world, each with its own laws and violence, human rights violations, and environmental devastation
regulations. We expect our suppliers to comply with all applicable in the covered countries and is committed to complying with all
labor laws, rules, and regulations, including but not limited to all applicable requirements under the U.S. Dodd-Frank Act Conflict
laws forbidding the solicitation, facilitation, or any other use of Minerals Rule.
slavery, child labor, or human trafficking. Suppliers are expected
8. More information about our supplier human rights requirements can be found on
to have a human rights policy, procedures, or practices that align
our website
or exceed the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human 9. See our Conflict Minerals Policy Statement on our website.
Rights, International Labour Organization Convention, with
policies and procedures covering all country-specific modern
slavery acts in which they operate.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance AppendixPrivacy and Security protect the data entrusted to us.
With a global presence, workforce, and comprehensive product and
solution portfolio, Agilent takes an integrated approach to deploying
Data Protection and Privacy
privacy and security standards and controls to address legal and
regulatory requirements we are subject to, including:
At Agilent, we recognize the importance of data protection and
privacy. We are committed to acting in accord with our values, • Brazil’s Lei Geral de Protepao de Dados Pessoais
particularly those of Uncompromising Integrity and Accountability, in
• California’s Consumer Privacy Act
handling the personal data of customers, employees, and partners,
and being a responsible data steward in this digital and global • China’s Personal Information Protection Law and Data Security Law
business environment, as outlined in Agilent’s Privacy Statement. • EU General Data Protection Regulation
Through our Data Protection and Privacy Program, we actively • U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
monitor and adapt our program to the emerging privacy and
security regulations around the globe and the unparalleled To further embed privacy into our business, we operate a global Data
shift to digital interactions. Agilent continues to build upon our Subject Access Request (DSAR) intake and response process to
comprehensive principles-based data protection and privacy ensure we provide timely responses to all individual data privacy rights
program, emphasizing the provision of appropriate privacy requests. In addition, Agilent has a comprehensive Data Protection
notices, acting with transparency and in accordance with our Impact Assessment (DPIA) process to systematically assess and
notices. We are also embedding data protection and privacy-by- evaluate risk for new and changed uses of personal data.
design into both our products and business operations. We do Agilent’s Data Protection and Privacy Program governance strategy
so while adapting our approaches to cater to remote workforces, includes a Data Privacy Board with Senior Management across the
online collaboration, and increased digital interactions with our entire business, complemented by dedicated Privacy Champions in
customers. We continue to develop and deliver new data protection each function, responsible for acting as the voice of privacy in their
and privacy content, communications, and training to engage functional area, as well as appointing Data Protection Officers where
Agilent’s global employee base and support our commitments to required around the globe. We will continue to leverage and expand
our program's processes and governance strategy to address newly
emerging privacy regulations.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 86Cybersecurity Our overall security approach focuses on five key areas:
Identify: Identify systems, data, data flows, and regulatory requirements and determine appropriate
Security is a companywide priority at Agilent, and we continuously invest in our people, processes, and
risk management approach
tools to strengthen our security posture to protect Agilent’s, our employees’, and our customers’ data.
Protect: Implement measures to protect the environment
Our security program is based on industry standards, including ISO 27002 Code of Practice, NIST, and
the COBIT 5 framework. We also maintain ISO 27001 certification for our Data Center Activities and Detect: Monitor the environment and alert appropriately
Systems Infrastructure Operations.11
Respond: Processes and people in place to address issues and incidents
Our policies, standards, and operating procedures provide a comprehensive approach to maintain the
Recover: Plans and systems to recover from events
confidentiality, security, integrity, and availability of the data and systems in our environment. These
Our Corporate IT Security Incident Response Team (CITSIRT) makes contact information publicly
procedures include organizational requirements of acceptable use and apply to Agilent employees
available on our website for reporting security issues or concerns related to our services, products, or
and non-employees. The requirements are also applicable to all information and information
websites and has procedures and processes in place to respond, investigate, and take action as needed.
processing facilities that are accessed, processed, and communicated to or managed by external or
third parties and must be protected from any misuse and unauthorized activity.
Employee Training and Security Awareness
We have a dedicated IT Information Security and Risk Management department that is accountable
for the following:
All Agilent employees and non-employees that have access to Agilent systems must complete
• Policy, standards, and operating procedures security awareness and privacy training at the time of onboarding. Updated annual security
awareness training must also be completed to retain system access. Additional role-specific security
• IT compliance
and privacy training is administered, as needed.
• Security operations
Awareness activities are completed throughout the year to reinforce training, including internal
• Risk management phishing campaigns/tests, articles, videos, and direct communications. Agilent’s embedded
Functional Privacy Champions share newsletters with key updates about data protection and privacy
• Threat and vulnerability management
across the company, with further activities and outreach conducted annually, including for Data
• Security awareness
Protection Week, using a consistently updated internal hub to share information across the company.
11. Our ISO 27001 and Cyber Essentials assurance certificates are available on our website.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 87Governance
Being Accountable to Our StakeholdersCorporate Governance Board Committees
Our Board met six times in 2022, and held separate meetings for its three standing committees,
Agilent’s Board of Directors is committed to sound and effective governance practices that
which include:
promote long-term stockholder value and strengthen Board and management accountability to our
shareholders, customers, and other stakeholders. • The Audit and Finance Committee is responsible for the quality and integrity of our financial
reporting, effectiveness of system of internal controls over financial reporting, and compliance
The following highlights many of our key governance practices.
with legal and regulatory requirements, including our Standards of Business Conduct. In 2022, the
committee met 11 times.
Annual Board self-assessment process,
Ten of our eleven directors are independent • The Compensation Committee is responsible for evaluating and approving executive
including peer evaluations
compensation, monitors and approves our employee benefit offerings, and oversees the
administration of incentive compensation, variable play, and stock programs.
Majority voting and director resignation policy
Independent standing Board committees
in uncontested director elections
• The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for providing recommendations
on Board composition selecting and evaluating Board members, reviewing the impacts of ESG
Continued assessment of highly qualified, diverse, and
Strong independent Chairperson issues, and overseeing our ESG programs and their alignment with our corporate strategy.
independent candidates for nomination to the Board
Regular meetings of our independent directors
Strong focus on pay-for-performance
without management present
Diverse Board with an effective mix of skills,
Proactive stockholder engagement
experience, and perspectives
Five new independent directors added Policies prohibiting hedging, short selling
during the past five years and pledging of our common stock
Varied lengths of Board tenure with an Stock ownership guidelines for executive
average tenure of nine years officers and directors
Robust enterprise risk management approach, overseen
Proxy access for our stockholders
by the Board through its Audit and Finance Committee
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 89Board Composition The following matrix illustrates the knowledge, skills, and experience of the directors that serve on our Board.
Our Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee considers a number of
Category Anand Bishop Brawley Dolsten Koh Kunz McMullen Podolsky Rataj Scangos Wilson
factors when evaluating director candidates. Minimum requirements include
integrity, experience, judgment, independence, and ability to commit sufficient
International
time and attention to Board activities. In addition, the Committee considers
whether a candidate’s skills are complementary to the existing Board members’ Life Sciences/
skills. It also considers the diversity of the Board related to factors such as age, Healthcare
race, gender, national origins, experience in technology, manufacturing, finance
and marketing, international experience, and culture, as well as the Board’s Technology/
Innovation
needs for specific operational, management, or other expertise.
Strategy
The members of our Board have a diversity of experience and a wide variety of
backgrounds, skills, qualifications, and viewpoints that strengthen their ability to M&A
carry out their oversight role. We regularly review the attributes required of Board
members to better facilitate our long-term goals and operational performance, Public Company
enhance our corporate culture, and promote diversity and inclusion. Executive
We are also mindful of refreshing the Board to ensure it is balanced with newer
Accounting/
and more tenured directors. We welcomed a new Board member, Otis Brawley, Finance
M.D. in November 2021, shortly following the onboarding of another new
member, Mikael Dolsten, M.D., Ph.D. in September 2021. Branding/
Marketing
We annually evaluate the performance of the Board and its committees.
The Board believes it is important to assess both its overall performance
Regulatory
and the performance of its committees and to solicit and act upon feedback
received, where appropriate. As part of the Board's self-assessment process,
directors consider assorted topics related to Board composition, structure,
effectiveness, and responsibilities, as well as the overall mix of director skills,
experience, and backgrounds. From time to time, these evaluations are
conducted by an independent third party to refresh the process.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 902022 Board Diversity
Board Tenure Gender Diversity Racial/Ethnic Diversity Age Diversity
1 1
1 2
3
2
1 5
2
8 8 7
3
<5 years 5-10 years Female Male Asian/Pacific Islander <60 years 60-70 years
10-15 years 15-20 years African American Caucasian 70+ years
20+ years
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 91Enterprise Risk Management The Board has the ultimate responsibility for, and is actively Committee receives reports and discusses whether our compensation
engaged in, oversight of our risk management, both directly and policies and practices create risks that are reasonably likely to have a
through its committees. The full Board is kept abreast of risk material adverse effect on the company. The Compensation Committee
The Agilent Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program provides a
oversight and other activities of its committees through reports also oversees risks relating to organization talent, culture, and human
framework for identifying material risks across the company, determining
of the committee chairpersons to the full Board during Board capital management, including diversity and inclusion programs and
ownership of the risks, and supporting the creation and maintenance of
meetings. Senior management may also provide risk assessment initiatives.
business continuity plans. It ensures the adequacy of plans across key
reports directly to the Board on certain issues.
business flows, including appropriate testing/drills and the availability of The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee oversees the
a central repository for documentation. If an incident occurs that results The Audit and Finance Committee has primary responsibility management of risks related to corporate governance matters,
in a partial/full implementation of a business continuity plan, the program for overseeing our ERM program, which encompasses, among including director independence, Board composition and succession,
reviews the key learnings and the effectiveness of the plan and ensures others, risks related to: and overall Board effectiveness, as well as risks and opportunities
appropriate actions are taken. associated with ESG matters. More information on ESG Governance
• Compliance and regulatory
can be found in the ESG Approach section of this report.
Risk Oversight • Information technology and cybersecurity
Climate Risk
• Environmental and sustainability, including climate change
The ERM program is managed within Agilent's Global Infrastructure
Services organization by our vice president of Workplace Services • Business continuity Climate change was identified as a key risk in 2022 and
who reports directly to our CEO on our progress. Oversight is provided • Health and safety incorporated into our ERM. Climate change risks include failure to
by the Executive Risk Committee, comprised of the CEO staff, which meet stakeholder expectations. The impacts of climate change
meets twice per year to review progress, evaluate present and The Audit and Finance Committee receives updates from our vice are also reflected through other risks that we monitor within the
emerging risks, and validate that the program has identified the correct president of WPS and discusses individual and overall risk areas program and for which we maintain business continuity plans, such
principal risk areas to focus on. during its meetings, including our financial risk assessments, risk as loss of key sites and supply chain disruptions.
management policies, and major financial risk exposures and
Our Board engages with management on our strategy, strategic As part of our ISO 14001 program, a comprehensive Global
the steps management has taken to monitor and control such
planning process, and business-related priorities. As we navigate an Environmental Risk Register is maintained and reviewed at least annually
exposures. In addition, the committee oversees our annual ERM
evolving industry environment, they take into consideration industry by senior management. The risk register review process includes an
assessment, reviewing the risks facing the company, including any
trends, our competitive position, technological developments, and in-depth consideration of potential internal and external environmental
new or emerging risks that may have risen in prominence during
stakeholder-related developments relevant to our business. The Board aspects and impacts. Potential risks are evaluated on their inherent
the previous year.
conducts a comprehensive annual review of the company’s strategic impacts, and the overall effectiveness of Agilent’s mitigating actions. Any
plans and overall business, working with management to evaluate The Compensation Committee oversees risks associated with significant residual risk is prioritized, and mitigation is actioned as part
potential opportunities and risks and assess our progress in meeting our compensation policies and practices regarding executive of Agilent’s strategic environmental governance. For more information,
various strategic goals. compensation and compensation generally. The Compensation please see the TCFD Index of this report.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 92Ethics and Compliance Agilent managers are responsible for actively promoting awareness of and enforcing compliance
with our SBC and related policies among their teams and must not actively or passively authorize
or ignore unethical or non-compliant activities in their organization.
Among Agilent’s core values are uncompromising integrity, accountability, and trust. These values
form the basis of our commitment to compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and the
Training and Education
standards and policies outlined in our Standards of Business Conduct (SBC).
Our SBC helps to protect our reputation as an ethical corporate citizen. Agilent expects every
We utilize the standard seven fundamental elements of an effective compliance program, including:
employee, contractor, agent, and representative to become familiar with and comply with our SBC
• Written policies, procedures, and standards of conduct. and other related policies.
• Designation of a compliance officer and committees. Agilent provides comprehensive training (online and live) on its SBC and training to relevant
audiences on healthcare compliance, anti-corruption, privacy, and related subjects. Agilent requires
• Training and education.
its employees, agents, and representatives in all countries to participate in training sessions and
• Clear and effective internal communication.
periodically certify compliance with our SBC and related policies. Annually, employees above
• Conducting internal monitoring and auditing. certain levels are required to complete Ethics and Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption trainings and
acknowledge they have read and reviewed the SBC.
• Enforcement of policies, procedures, and standards.
• Detection of and prompt response to prohibited behavior. Clear and Effective Internal Communication
We strive to implement clear, easy, and actionable compliance guidance. We communicate our ethical
Written Policies, Procedures, and Standards of Conduct
policies through various channels, including posting our SBC and other ethics and compliance policies
We maintain the Agilent SBC and other policies and procedures related to ethical and compliant on our website and internal Agilent web portals for employees and suppliers. Communication about
conduct that apply to all employees, contractors, agents, and business partners. These include, our ethical standards is part of the onboarding process for employees, suppliers, and other business
among others, Agilent’s Global Anti-Corruption Policy and Human Rights and Labor Policy. partners. We updated our SBC in 2022 with our updated values, which include Speaking Up.
Agilent has an open-door policy that allows employees to report their concerns to any level of
Designation of a Compliance Officer and Committees
management. Employees are trained and expected to raise questions or concerns about conduct
Agilent’s compliance program is overseen by the Chief Compliance Officer, with input from that may be inconsistent with the law, the SBC, or other policies to their supervisor, Human
executive management through the Compliance Committee. The program is operated and Resources contact, or the Global Compliance team, or through Agilent’s Integrity Helpline, available
monitored by experienced regional and functional compliance professionals. The Chief Compliance 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Officer reports to the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors, which is responsible
for oversight of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including our SBC.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 93Agilent's hotline provides an avenue for employees and members
of the public to report suspected violations confidentially and
Our Agilent culture is based on strong values, including What Happens When You
anonymously, where permitted by law. Employees and others can
Accountability and Uncompromising Integrity, and we are
raise questions or concerns by calling the toll-free number, visiting Contact the Helpline?
committed to doing business in a way that reflects and
the Helpline website, or for those in North America, sending
upholds these values. The Agilent Compliance Helpline
a text message. Reports can be made in over 100 languages.
provides a way for employees and others to raise questions
Additionally, questions or concerns related to accounting, internal YOU SUBMITA REPORT
or concerns about Agilent’s business interactions. When
controls, or auditing matters can be raised directly to the Audit and
compliance concerns are brought to our attention, they You help us understandthe issue by providing
Finance Committee of the Board of Directors.
provide us with an opportunity to review situations, reflect on details, includingwhat happened, who was
We have procedures to manage reports to ensure consistent involved, and when the issue occurred.
shortfalls, and improve our organization.
investigation and response across incident types and reporting
An infographic available on our ethics reporting page website
channels. The information reported is handled confidentially within
provides transparent and easy to understand information
the small group necessary to conduct a review of the allegation. THE COMPLIANCE TEAM RECEIVES IT
about the reporting process to encourage Speaking Up.
Serious violations are reviewed by senior management.
You will receive a confirmation your
Agilent adheres to a zero tolerance non-retaliation policy. We want concern has been received. Agilent takes all
reports submitted seriously and handles
individuals filing a report to feel safe when bringing their concerns
them with confidentiality.
to the organization. Therefore, we do not tolerate retaliation
against any person making a report or involved in an investigation
and allow for reports to be made without providing a name and AN INVESTIGATOR REVIEWS IT
contact information, preserving anonymity.
An investigatorwill reviewyour concern
and may reach out to you with questions.
Your contribution to the investigation is
kept confidential.
ACTION TAKEN
Based on the outcome of the investigation,
action will be taken on yourconcern. Some
details may be kept private.
Agilent
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 94Internal Monitoring and Auditing Enforcement of Policies, Procedures, and Standards
The Chief Compliance Officer reports to the Audit and Finance Committee on a regular basis Agilent has implemented processes for addressing compliance violations. All reported
regarding the effectiveness of our global compliance program. compliance concerns are investigated objectively, fairly, and promptly. Where appropriate,
corrective action plans are implemented to remediate or improve existing policies, procedures,
On a routine basis, Agilent conducts internal audits, risk assessments, and targeted monitoring
and processes. Failure to comply with Agilent policies, procedures, and ethical standards can
activities to identify potential issues, control gaps, and seek opportunities for improvements to
lead to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment or contract.
policies, procedures, and processes. Internal Audit regularly assesses the effectiveness of our
compliance program through routine and targeted audits of business functions and/or sales
Detection of and Prompt Response to Prohibited Behavior
affiliates using a risk-based audit plan. Every year, Internal Audit selects a priority list of business
divisions, operations, and countries in which we operate to assess compliance with controls, We implement a robust set of controls from the top down, starting with the Board of Directors, Audit
policies, and procedures and re-testing to ensure compliance standards are satisfied. Committee, and senior management overseeing Agilent’s compliance framework. Agilent has three
lines of defense against unethical business practices: 1) internal controls, 2) functional experts,
Each year between July and September, Internal Audit conducts a risk assessment process that
including legal and compliance support, and 3) internal audit and external auditors and regulators.
results in the plan for operations audits to be performed in the following fiscal year. The process
involves meeting with senior management, including most of the CEO and CFO staff and select Agilent maintains a system of internal accounting controls reasonably designed to detect and
vice presidents, for the purposes of (i) identifying key areas of risk across our businesses and (ii) prevent unethical conduct. When issues are identified in continuous auditing, they are addressed
determining the operational audit theme prior to each applicable audit period. In November, this promptly according to pre-defined policies.
audit plan is formally approved by the Audit and Finance Committee.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 95SASB Index
SASB Metric Disclosure Location/Response SASB Code
Affordability and Pricing
Ratio of weighted average rate of net price increases (for This metric is not relevant to our business, and we do not consider this information to be material. However, Agilent meets all applicable laws, HC-MS-240a.1
all products) to the annual increase in the U.S. Consumer regulations, and standards where we do business. Agilent engages with our stakeholders through consultation, surveys, ad-hoc feedback, and reviews.
Price Index
Description of how price information for each product is Agilent provides transparent and accurate pricing to our customers electronically, by mail, and through Agilent’s online ordering platforms. Our HC-MS-240a.2
disclosed to customers or to their agents Standards of Business Conduct also addresses ethical sales, marketing, and pricing practices that all employees, contracts, and partners must follow.
Product Safety
Number of recalls issued; total units recalled One recall, 60 units destroyed (details below): HC-MS-250a.1
• Class 3 recall for Anti-FITC-AP CISH Accessory Kit (Dako Omnis) related to label generation/expiration
date error. Agilent filed reports with the U.S. FDA, Health Canada, and TGA (Australia), executed field
action, verified, and closed.
• 59 kits were returned to Agilent and destroyed. One kit was destroyed at the customer site.
List of products listed in the FDA's MedWatch Safety There have been zero products listed. HC-MS-250a.2
Alerts for Human Medical Products database
Number of fatalities related to products as reported in the There have been zero fatalities. HC-MS-250a.3
FDA Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience
database
Number of FDA enforcement actions taken in response There have been zero enforcement actions taken. HC-MS-250a.4
to violations of current Good Manufacturing Practices
(cGMP), by type
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 97Ethical Marketing
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal Agilent had no monetary losses in 2022 due to legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims. HC-MS-240a.1
proceedings associated with false marketing claims
Description of code of ethics governing promotion of off- Agilent's Standards of Business Conduct outlines expectations related to ethical business practices and provides guidance for the promotion of and use HC-MS-240a.2
label use of products of our products. See more on page 24 of our Standards of Business Conduct.
In addition, Agilent’s Global Healthcare Compliance Policy provides guidance on interactions with healthcare organizations and healthcare professionals
by Agilent around the world, including marketing, research and development perspective. Our US Healthcare Compliance Code is based on the
AdvaMed Code of Ethics and identifies relevant healthcare compliance laws and codes applicable to Agilent’s business, including those related to the
communication with health care professionals on unapproved or uncleared uses of our medical devices.
Product Design and Lifecycle Management
Discussion of process to assess and manage Agilent’s Environmental Policy is to act in an environmentally responsible manner regarding our operations, products, and services. Agilent expects HC-MS-410a.1
environmental and human health considerations employees and managers to support the implementation of this policy in accordance with their roles and responsibilities in the organization. Of
associated with chemicals in products, and meet demand particular relevance to product development are the following actions:
for sustainable products
• Ensure our products and operations comply with relevant environmental legislation and regulations.
• Responsibly manage the use of hazardous materials in our operations, products, and services, and promote
recycling or reuse of our products.
The fundamentals of Agilent’s Design for the Environment (DfE) guidelines encourage Agilent employees to think
about the impact that a product has on both the environment and society. Therefore, they should consider answering the following questions:
• What positive impacts does the product have on the environment?
• What are the negative impacts?
Many Agilent products include innovations that have enabled their reduced energy use, footprint, water usage, use of hazardous materials, etc. and we
are sponsors of not-for-profit organizations like My Green Lab (https://www.mygreenlab.org/) to help us understand how we can continually improve
the environmental impact of our products and the sustainability of our laboratory customers worldwide.
Agilent complies with RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances) and REACH regulatory compliance for all commercial products. For reagent based
NPIs, we are using the ARCADIS form to document the environmental and health considerations.
See the 2022 ESG Report, Sustainable Lab Solutions section for more information.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 98Total amount of products accepted for take-back Available data from our Certified Pre-Owned Instruments Program can be found in the Product End-of-Life Management section of the HC-MS-410a.2
and reused, recycled, or donated, broken down by: (1) 2022 ESG Report.
devices and equipment and (2) supplies
Supply Chain Management
Percentage of (1) entity's facilities and (2) Tier I 1. All medical device facilities at Agilent under ISO 13485 are subject to annual audits by Notified Bodies. Non-medical facilities operating HC-MS-430a.1
suppliers' facilities participating in third-party audit under ISO 9001 are audited at least once every three years by Registrars.
programs for manufacturing and product quality 2. Agilent does not currently report the percentage of Tier 1 supplier facilities participating in third-party audit programs for manufacturing or product
quality. At the time of supplier on-boarding, Agilent requests ISO certificates or evidence of a Quality Management System from suppliers.
Description of efforts to maintain traceability within Agilent maintains traceability through all stages of manufacturing through distribution using our ERP system. Traceability is maintained based HC-MS-430a.2
the distribution chain on part number, serial number and/or lot number.
Description of the management of risks associated Agilent monitors risk through a number of different processes. This includes but is not limited to: HC-MS-430a.3
with the use of critical materials
• Dangerous Goods are stored, transported, and disposed of based upon the applicable Transportation and EHS regulations.
• Agilent has a Conflict Minerals Position Statement and abides by all requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, including filing required SEC report.
• Suppliers identified through risk assessment processes are monitored and business continuity plans are in place and reviewed annually.
Agilent has a Supplier Code of Conduct.
• For critical parts, Agilent follows additional risk processes and tracks and monitors suppliers.
Business Ethics
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal Agilent had no monetary losses in 2022 due to legal proceedings associated with corruption and bribery. HC-BP-510a.1
proceedings associated with corruption and bribery
Activity Metric
Number of units sold by product category Agilent does not disclose the number of units sold by product category. HC-MS-000.A
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 99TCFD Index
Governance
Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities.
b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
See the ESG Governance, and Enterprise Risk Management sections of Agilent’s 2022 ESG Report.
Strategy
Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material.
a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short-, medium-, and long-term.
b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.
c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate- related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario.
The TCFD highlights two primary types of climate risks—physical and transition. Physical risks may include extreme weather events, such as drought or flooding, and the longer-term impact of increasing average global mean
temperatures. Transition risks, on the other hand, may include the global transition to a low-carbon economy, new regulations, and innovations in energy efficiency.
We have identified climate-related risks and opportunities with potential impact to our business as described below:
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 100Physical Risks Risk Type
Operations continuity Moderate
S&P Global Sustainable1 analyzed the potential physical risks that may impact Agilent’s operations, considering different scenarios of climate change by 2050. Sustainable1 examined our
physical risk exposure at the asset level, which includes our manufacturing sites, data center, and large office sites.
Overall, Agilent faces moderate physical risk with greatest exposure to water stress, cold waves, and wildfires. The small increase in composite physical risk score from the moderate to high
scenario is associated with increased wildfire and heatwave risk as global temperatures rise.
Mitigation Strategy
Agilent site management teams are engaging with stakeholders within senior leadership and subject matter experts in relevant operational areas on next steps and mitigation plans which will be managed
via our Enterprise Risk Management program.
Physical Risk Exposure for Operations
Scenario Reference (IPCC) RCP* Description
High Climate Change Scenario 8.5 Continuation of business as usual with emissions at current rates. This
scenario is expected to result in warming in excess of 4°C by 2100.
Moderate Climate Change Scenario 4.5 Strong mitigation actions to reduce emissions to half of current levels
by 2080. This scenario is more likely than not to result in warming in
excess of 2°C by 2100.
Low Climate Change Scenario 2.6 Aggressive mitigation actions to halve emissions by 2050. This scenario
is likely to result in warming of less than 2°C by 2100.
*RCP - Representative Concentration Pathway - RCP 4.5 is described by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) as a moderate scenario in which emissions peak around 2040
and then decline. RCP 8.5 is the highest baseline emissions scenario in which emissions continue to rise throughout the twenty-first century. RCP 2. 6 represents a pathway where greenhouse
gas emissions are strongly reduced, resulting in a best estimate global average temperature rise of 1.6°C by 2100 compared to the pre- industrial period
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 101Transition Risk Risk Type
Policy Risk Exposure Low to Moderate
To significantly reduce GHG emissions and address climate change, carbon taxes, emissions trading schemes and fuel taxes are expected to feature prominently in global policy action.
The S&P Global Sustainable1 risk model inputs include:
• S&P Global TruCost carbon price data and scenarios
• Agilent’s Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and location data by facility
• Agilent’s Scope 3 emissions data per category
• Agilent’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG targets
The sources of Scope 1 and 2 emissions mainly consist of Agilent offices, data centers, and manufacturing sites. Upstream Scope 3 emissions were also included and are chiefly made up of purchases from Agilent suppliers and transportation
and distribution services.
The TCFD identifies increased pricing of GHG emissions and increased operating costs (e.g., higher compliance costs) as examples of climate-related policy risk. The emergence of increasing taxes on fuel or GHG emissions may leave Agilent
with increased expenses which it may choose to pass on to customers, absorb, or invest in lowering its emissions.
The analysis concluded that the impact of carbon pricing on Agilent’s operating expenses are likely to be low to moderate. These risks will be mitigated by Agilent’s net-zero commitment.
Mitigation Strategy
More information can be found in the Climate Change section of the ESG report.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 102Transition Risk Time Horizon
Market Risk Exposure: Suppliers Short- and medium-term
S&P Global Sustainable1 quantified the market risk exposure by calculating the earnings at risk of Agilent’s top 100 corporate suppliers. As carbon prices increase globally to drive transition to a low-carbon economy,
Agilent’s suppliers may be affected by increasing emissions taxes over time.
Suppliers in the Chemicals sector followed by the Air Freight and Logistics sectors have the highest earnings at risk from carbon pricing.
Our highest expenditures are with air freight and logistics suppliers. Professional services are the second highest spend but the sector has a lower carbon pricing risk relative to other sectors.
Overall, five of Agilent’s suppliers have market risk (EBITDA) exposure above the sector average with all others being at or below the sector average.
Mitigation
We are evaluating suppliers who are most at risk and will collaborate with our strategic suppliers on their risk mitigation plans.
Other mitigating actions may include engagement with suppliers who are most at risk of eroded operating margins due to their exposure to increased carbon pricing and examination of the
materiality of the high-risk suppliers to Agilent’s business by overlaying the data with information on supplier expenditure.
More information on how we are engaging with our suppliers on Scope 3 emissions can be found in the Climate Change section of the ESG report.
Transition Risk Time Horizon
Market Risk Exposure: Customers Short- and medium-term
Agilent’s customers are increasing their engagement with Agilent’s sales and operations personnel on sustainability matters. Significant focus is now on GHG emissions, water use, and other issues related to the UN Sustainable Development
Goals to meet evolving ESG expectations and goals. Mitigation of climate change is typically high on customers’ sustainability agenda and insufficient commitment and progress toward reducing emissions and other root causes of climate
change may jeopardize business from key customers. Core environmental sustainability metrics are being subjected to increasing scrutiny.
Mitigation
Agilent reviews current and emerging customer expectations and has responded with public commitments to help mitigate the impacts of climate change. Agilent’s net-zero commitment is one such example,
and core environmental sustainability metrics are publicly disclosed and audited by a third-party assurance body. Refer to Agilent's Environmental Data Assurance Statement
More information about how we engage our customers can be found in the Stakeholder Engagement, Sustainable Lab Solutions, and Climate Change sections of the ESG report.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 103Risk Management
Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks.
a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks.
c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management.
More information about our approach to risk management can be found in the ESG Governance, Climate Change, and Enterprise Risk Management sections of the ESG report.
Metrics and Targets
Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.
a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate- related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.
b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks.
c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate- related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.
More information about our goals, targets, and progress can be found in the Climate Change section of the ESG report.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 104Global Reporting Index
Statement of use Agilent has reported in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period November 1, 2021 to October 31, 2022.
GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021
Applicable GRI Sector Standard(s) None
General Disclosures
DISCLOSURE # DISCLOSURE TOPIC REFERENCE
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
2-1 Organizational details 2022 Form 10-K, page 3
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting 2022 Form 10-K, page 61 All legal entities are included in line with Agilent’s financial reporting,
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point This annual ESG report covers the fiscal year starting November 1, 2021 and ending October 31, 2022.
2-4 Restatements of information Agilent has not made any material restatements from the prior year.
2-5 External assurance External Assurance Statement
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships 2022 Form 10-K, pages 3-15
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 1052-7 Employees 2022 Employees
Employee Status by Region Female Male Other* Not Disclosed Total
Global
Total 6,917 11,153 4 8 18,079
Full-time 6,664 11,067 4 8 17,743
Part-time 251 85 0 0 336
Permanent 6,915 11,152 0 8 18,079
Americas
Total 2,777 4,183 4 3 6,967
Full-time 2,754 4,171 4 3 6,932
Part-time 23 12 0 0 35
Permanent 2,777 4,183 4 3 6,967
Asia Pacific
Total 2,567 4,187 0 0 6,754
Full-time 2,557 4,183 0 0 6,740
Part-time 10 4 0 0 14
Permanent 2,567 4,187 0 0 6,754
Europe
Total 1,571 2,782 0 5 4,358
Full-time 1,353 2,713 0 5 4,071
Part-time 218 69 0 0 287
Permanent 1,571 2,782 0 5 4,358
*As specified by employee
**We do not have any non-guaranteed hours employees
***We report headcount, not FTE - so a part-time employee is counted as one.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 1062-8 Workers who are not employees 7,054
2-9 Governance structure and composition 2023 Proxy Statement, pages 4, 6-12, 15-16
2022 ESG Report, ESG Governance, Corporate Governance
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 2023 Proxy Statement, pages 17-18
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body 2023 Proxy Statement, page 15
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the 2022 ESG Report; ESG Governance, Enterprise Risk Management, Ethics and Compliance
management of impacts
2023 Proxy Statement, pages 4, 15-16, 19-20
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts 2022 ESG Report; ESG Governance, Enterprise Risk Management, Ethics and Compliance
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting 2022 ESG Report; ESG Governance, Enterprise Risk Management, Ethics and Compliance
2023 Proxy Statement, pages 4, 15-16, 19-20
2-15 Conflicts of interest 2023 Proxy Statement, pages 20-21
2-16 Communication of critical concerns 2022 ESG Report, Stakeholder Engagement, Enterprise Risk Management, Ethics and Compliance
2023 Proxy Statement, pages 19-20
Standards of Business Conduct
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 2022 ESG Report, ESG Governance
Senior management provides the Board and its committees with periodic reports and updates on sustainable
development, including but not limited to ESG-related regulatory and market trends, the company's ESG program and
overall strategy, and actions taken in light of evolving trends and regulatory developments.
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body 2023 Proxy Statement, pages 4 and 15
Corporate Governance Standards, page 4
2-19 Remuneration policies 2023 Proxy Statement, pages 23-51
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 1072-20 Process to determine remuneration 2023 Proxy Statement, pages 27-30
The Compensation Committee of the Board administers Agilent's executive compensation program. The Committee—composed
entirely of independent, non-employee directors--is responsible for approving and reporting to the Board on all elements of
compensation for the executive officers.
We received 91% support for our 2022 Say-on-Pay proposal and continue to engage with stockholders regarding our executive pay
program.
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Annual total compensation ratio: 220:1 Change in the annual total compensation ratio: 14%
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy 2022 ESG Report, CEO Letter
2-23 Policy commitments Standards of Business Conduct
Code of Ethics for a Director on the Board
Supplier Code of Conduct
Human Rights and Labor Policy
CTISCA Statement
Conflict Minerals Policy
2-24 Embedding policy commitments 2022 ESG Report; ESG Governance, Supplier ESG Standards and Compliance, Enterprise Risk Management,
Ethics and Compliance
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts 2022 ESG Report; Enterprise Risk Management, Ethics and Compliance
Standards of Business Conduct
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns 2022 ESG Report, Stakeholder Engagement, Enterprise Risk Management, Ethics and Compliance
Standards of Business Conduct, pages 7-8
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Agilent had no significant instances of non-compliance during the period. Serious non-compliance instances would be those
matters that are deemed by a court or other means to be a violation of law or regulation, or those instances that, upon internal
detection by the company, would require and result in the voluntary disclosure of the matter to a law enforcement agency.
2-28 Membership associations 2022 ESG Report, Collaborating to Advance Industry Innovation
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 2022 ESG Report; Stakeholder Engagement
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 1082-30 Collective bargaining agreements
Employees Covered by a CBA Employees not Covered by a CBA Other
Global
12.9% of all Agilent employees are covered by All Agilent employees have terms and conditions of
a collective bargaining agreement (CBA). employment set according to detailed local benchmarking
and best practices.
Asia Pacific
399 employees covered by CBA In Australia, all monthly Australian and New Zealand
employees not covered by a CBA are covered by individual
Australia: 26
agreements. Standard terms and conditions and benefits
Japan: 373
apply to all monthly employees. Australia has minimum
standards set by Fair Work Australia and the Award system.
Agilent ensures we exceed these conditions and provide a
package of benefits to support employees.
Europe
1,697 employees covered by a CBA In Finland, Agilent employees are not formally covered by a All 1,393 employees in Germany plus all
collective bargaining agreement; however, their terms and 186 employees in Netherlands (not covered
Austria: 24
conditions of employment, including salary increases, are set by a CBA) have terms and conditions of
Belgium: 135
by reference to the country CBA, "Collective Agreement for employment set by reference to internal
Denmark: 251
Senior Salaried Employees in Technology Industries 2017 – Works Council Agreements, which are
France: 277
2020." This affects all 30 employees in Finland. binding. This means a total of 1,579
Italy: 440
employees in Europe are not covered by
Spain: 570
a CBA, but have terms and conditions of
All employees located in the above countries employment set by reference to internal
are covered by a CBA, except for Denmark Works Council Agreements.
where only some are covered.
Americas
236 employees In Brazil, an agreement between employer and employee
union describes all benefits offered to employees in line with
Brazil: 236
local country requirements. These benefits are beyond what
All employees located in Brazil are is mandatory. Legal increases are announced through the
covered by a CBA agreement.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 109Material Topics
DISCLOSURE # DISCLOSURE TOPIC REFERENCE
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
3-1 Process to determine material topics 2022 ESG Report, Materiality Assessment
3-2 List of material topics 2022 ESG Report, Materiality Assessment
• Air Quality
• Economic Performance • Product Sustainability
• Chemicals and Hazardous Materials
• Ethical Business Conduct • Supply Chain Sustainability and Responsible
• Climate Change and Energy
• Innovation and Research and Development Sourcing
• Community Engagement and Relations
• Labor Practices • Talent Attraction, Development and Retention
• Corporate Governance and Leadership
• Market Presence and Pricing • Waste Management
• Customer Satisfaction and Engagement
• Occupational Health and Safety • Water and Effluents
• Diversity and Inclusion
• Product Safety and Quality
3-3 Management of material topics Management of each material topic is addressed within relevant sections of the 2022 ESG report, including ESG Approach.
GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 2022 Form 10-K, pages 53-60
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and 2022 TCFD Index
opportunities due to climate change
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 2022 Form 10-K, pages 91-106
Percentage of salary contributed by employee and employer varies by country. Separate funds exist in some countries to pay the plan's
pension liabilities. Agilent does not track participation in either mandatory or voluntary retirement/pension programs in each country in which
we do business.
201-4 Financial assistance received from government 2022 Form 10-K, page 40
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 110GRI 202: Market Presence 2016
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum The significant location of operations used for the ratio of employee entry level wage to local minimum wages is the United States. Local
wage minimum wage is variable. Federal minimum wage of $7.25 was used to calculate Agilent’s ratio of entry-level wage to minimum wage,
which was 2.62:1 in 2022
202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local community In 2022, the percentage of senior management at significant locations of operation hired from the local community out of:
• All senior management hired: 97%
• Total population (existing and new hires) of senior management: 72%
Definitions:
• Senior management: Associate VP and above
• Local: Within 50 miles of office location
• Significant locations of operation: More than 100 employees based at the site
GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported 2022 ESG Report, Our ESG Strategy and Alignment with the SDGs, Innovating and Collaborating for a Better World, Attraction and Retention,
Engagement Through Giving and Volunteerism, Supplier Diversity
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts 2022 ESG Report, Our ESG Strategy and Alignment with the SDGs, Innovating and Collaborating for a Better World, Attraction and Retention,
Engagement Through Giving and Volunteerism, Supplier Diversity
GRI 204: Procurement Practices 2016
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers Agilent does not track this information
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 111GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption We have assessed 100% of our operations, including our three business units for risks related to corruption. The most significant risk
related to corruption was identified as third parties, particularly those interacting with government officials in countries with a high corruption
perception index score.
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures Agilent communicates its anti-corruption policies in various forms, including:
• Standards of Business Conduct
• Supplier Code of Conduct
• Agilent Global Anti-Corruption Policy
• Anti-Corruption and Bribery page within the Agilent Supplier website section
Additional detailed policies and procedures are provided to employees, contractors, third-party partners, and suppliers.
All employees, including non-Agilent workers, are required to participate in anti-corruption training through the Agilent Standards of
Business Conduct training or the Agilent Anti-Corruption training.
Governance Body Members Employees* Business Partners
Communication on anti-corruption
11 (100%) 21,444 (100%) 22,799 (100%)
policies and procedures
Training on anti-corruption 0 19,786 (92%)
*Employee data includes non-Agilent workers; excluding these workers, 98% of full-time Agilent employees completed anti-corruption.
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken For the nature of confirmed incidents of corruption, following internal detection and investigations, there were two confirmed instances of
misconduct in violation of our policies against corruption, for which employees and business partners were disciplined and/or terminated.
Agilent has a formal process for investigating and addressing allegations of corruption should they occur.
• Total number of confirmed incidents of corruption: 2
• Number in which employees were dismissed or disciplined for corruption: 2
• Number when contracts with business partners were not renewed due to violations related to corruption: 2
• Public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organization or its employees: 0
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 112GRI 206: Anti-competitive Behavior 2016
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly Agilent policies forbid anti-competitive behavior, antitrust, and monopolistic practices. In the reporting period, there were no legal actions for
practices antitrust or anti-competitive behavior.
GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016
207-1 Approach to tax Agilent Global Tax partners with our business organizations to provide tax planning that aligns with our business operations, manages
tax risks, and enhances value. We do not engage in aggressive tax planning strategies that are inconsistent with our core values. Any tax
planning strategies are approved by the CFO in conjunction with the VP of Tax and broader tax team.
207-2 Tax governance, control, and risk management Agilent complies with tax requirements in every jurisdiction where we operate. Our tax professionals worldwide are committed to the highest
compliance standards and are well versed in relevant tax laws and regulations. Agilent maintains robust internal policies and procedures
supporting its tax control framework.
207-3 Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns Agilent operates with consistently high accounting, tax filing, and tax reporting standards. We value transparency and cooperation with tax
related to tax authorities and are committed to engaging with the tax authorities in all countries in which we operate in a professional, courteous, honest,
and collaborative manner regarding all tax matters. We work constructively with tax authorities to attempt to resolve any issues that may
arise in a timely manner through appropriate methods of dispute resolution. We seek to be a valued partner to governments and advocate
for tax legislation that provides clarity and encourages innovation and growth. The broad tax topics are discussed with the Audit and Finance
Committee.
207-4 Country-by-country reporting Agilent reports financial, economic, and tax-related information at the enterprise level in its Form 10-K. Agilent does not publicly report
financial information for local tax jurisdictions.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 113GRI 302: Energy 2016
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 2022 ESG Report, Climate Change
302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization 2022 ESG Report, Climate Change
302-3 Energy intensity 2022 ESG Report, Climate Change
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 2022 ESG Report, Climate Change
302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services 2022 ESG Report, Sustainable Lab Solutions
GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource 2022 ESG Report, Water Management
303-2 Management of water discharge 2022 ESG Report, Water Management
303-3 Water withdrawal 2022 ESG Report, Water Management
303-4 Water discharge 2022 ESG Report, Water Management
303-5 Water consumption 2022 ESG Report, Water Management
GRI 304: Biodiversity 2016
304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas Agilent does not have any sites or locations in biodiverse or protected areas.
and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and Agilent does not have any sites or locations in biodiverse or protected areas.
services on biodiversity
304-3 Habitats protected or restored Agilent does not have any sites or locations in biodiverse or protected areas.
304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in Agilent does not have any sites or locations in biodiverse or protected areas.
areas affected by operations
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 114GRI 305: Emissions 2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 2022 ESG Report, Climate Change
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 2022 ESG Report, Climate Change
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 2022 ESG Report, Climate Change
305-4 GHG emissions intensity 2022 ESG Report, Climate Change
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 2022 ESG Report, Climate Change
305-6 Emissions of ozone Agilent does not use, produce, import, or export Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) prohibited under the Montreal Protocol on Substances that
Deplete the Ozone Layer. Agilent uses very small amounts in the formulation of analytical standards which are largely used as references by
analytical labs in the pursuit of their detection in the environment.
• Agilent eliminated chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), carbon tetrachloride and 1,1,1-trichloroethane use in worldwide
manufacturing processes during 1993.
• Agilent has also eliminated Class I, II and III ODSs in its air conditioning systems, process chillers and environmental chambers. Procurement
practices are in place to prevent the inadvertent reintroduction of ODSs into processes where they have been eliminated.
• Under Agilent’s product supplier agreements, suppliers warrant that goods and their packaging shall comply with applicable environmental,
health and safety laws, rules, and regulations, including Agilent’s General Specification for the Environment (GSE).
• The small quantities of ODSs contained in some of Agilent’s analytical standards comply with international legislation for their manufacture, use
and product labeling.
• Agilent modifies its program as needed to address amendments to the Montreal Protocol, U.S.,
European and other international requirements.
• Guidance for eliminating and managing the use of ODSs at Agilent sites is contained in the Agilent ODS Elimination Guideline.
• Procurement practices are in place to prevent the inadvertent reintroduction of ODSs into processes where they have been eliminated.
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other
Emission Types 2022 2021 2020
significant air emissions
NOx emissions (metric tons) 1,922 1,861 1,329
NOx intensity (metric tons/sq ft) 0.000450 0.000436 0.000333
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 115GRI 306: Waste 2020
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste 2022 ESG Report, Waste Management
306-2 Management of significant waste 2022 ESG Report, Waste Management
306-3 Waste generated 2022 ESG Report, Waste Management
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal 2022 ESG Report, Waste Management
306-5 Waste directed to disposal 2022 ESG Report, Waste Management
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria 2022 ESG Report, Supplier ESG Standards and Compliance
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain 2022 ESG Report, Supplier ESG Standards and Compliance
and actions taken
Based on responses to our supplier compliance assessment questionnaire, no suppliers were identified as having high environmental risk.
No major instances of non-compliance were identified in 2022 as a result of on-site supplier audits. All minor non-conformances have been
remediated.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 116GRI 401: Employment 2016
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Between 30 and
All age groups Under 30 years old Over 50 years old
50 years old
Terminations
Female # 666 107 373 186
Female Rate 9.6% 12.7% 8.2% 12.3%
Male # 957 160 548 249
Male Rate 8.6% 13.7% 7.8% 8.5%
Others/Undisclosed 3 0 3 0
Others/Undisclosed Rate 25% 0% 33.3% 0%
Total Terminations # 1,626 267 924 435
Total Terminations Rate 9.0% 13.3% 8.0% 9.8%
Hires
Female # 1,054 347 620 87
Female Rate 15.2% 41.2% 13.6% 5.8%
Male # 1,540 552 838 150
Male Rate 13.8% 47.3% 11.9% 5.1%
Others/Undisclosed # 5 2 3 0
Others/Undisclosed Rate 41.7% 66.7% 33.3% 0%
Total Hires # 2,594 901 1,461 237
Total Hires Rate 14.4% 44.8% 12.6% 5.3%
Total Employees
Female # (as of FYE 2022) 6,915 842 4,560 1,513
Male # (as of FYE 2022) 11,152 1,167 7,049 2,936
Total Employees # (as of FYE 2022) 18,079 2,012 11,618 4,449
* Rate is based on related total global regular active headcount on Oct 31, 2022. ** Agilent reports headcount, not FTE, so a part-time employee is counted as one.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 117401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees 2022 ESG Report, Total Rewards
Generally, part-time employees who meet minimum requirements for benefits eligibility are eligible for the same benefits as full-time
employees. Benefits and eligibility requirements vary by country.
Agilent aims to deliver a rewards portfolio that is competitive with life sciences, diagnostics and applied markets companies, representative
of the diverse industries and markets within which Agilent operates.
Our rewards are offered to eligible employees and comply with local legal requirements. Our Total Pay program includes base pay; variable
pay, such as the One Agilent Bonus and Individual Performance Bonus; and sales incentive compensation.
Pay is differentiated based on company and individual performance. Benefits such as health and welfare benefits, retirement plans, and time
off provide a foundation to support employee well-being and financial security.
Equity programs align employee and shareholder interests. Programs include an Employee Stock Purchase Plan and long-term incentives
such as restricted stock units.
401-3 Parental leave Agilent’s U.S. parental leave policy covers all 6,517 U.S. employees and provides three weeks of Parental Pay (full pay) to both new mothers
and fathers following the birth or adoption of their child. We also provide additional leave benefits to birthing mothers. We meet or exceed
local requirements for parental leave.
GRI 402: Labor/Management Relations 2016
402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes Notice periods vary by country in accordance with local employment regulations.
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 2022 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation 2022 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 118403-3 Occupational health services 2022 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
Agilent does not have workers with high incidence or high risk of work-related disease. Agilent provides several programs and educational
opportunities aimed at managing serious diseases and medical situations for employees as well as family and community members.
Agilent environmental, health and safety (EHS) standards maintain employee exposure levels for harmful agents in the workplace well below
regulatory requirements. Agilent provides training to employees as a precautionary measure to prevent blood borne diseases.
Agilent Workplace Services has both Emergency Action and Disaster Recovery Plans that address serious medical events or disease outbreaks
(e.g., pandemic events).
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational 2022 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
health and safety
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety 2022 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
403-6 Promotion of worker health 2022 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety, Total Rewards
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly EHS Policy
linked by business relationships
Supplier Code of Conduct
Contract Requirements
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 119403-8 Workers covered by an occupational
Employees Covered by OHS Management System 2022
health and safety management system
OHSMS
Employees Covered # 13,764
Employees Covered % 54%
Internally Audited OHSMS
Employees Covered # 8,894
Employees Covered % 35%
Externally Audited OHSMS
Employees Covered # 4,870
Employees Covered % 19%
*Number and percentage of employees covered includes contingent workers.
403-9 Work-related injuries 2022 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
403-10 Work-related ill health 2022 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
Agilent provides several programs and educational opportunities aimed at managing serious diseases and medical situations for employees
as well as family and community members. Agilent EHS standards maintain employee exposure levels for harmful agents in the workplace
well below regulatory requirements. Agilent provides training to employees as a precautionary measure to prevent blood borne diseases.
Agilent Workplace Services has both Emergency Action and Disaster Recovery Plans that address serious medical events or disease
outbreaks (e.g., pandemic events).
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 120GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee In 2022, approximately 99% of Agilent employees completed an average of 31 hours of training.
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and 2022 ESG Report, Talent Development
transition assistance programs
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 100% of Agilent employees receive regular performance reviews.
and career development reviews
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 2022 ESG Report, Diversity and Inclusion, Corporate Governance
GENDER AGE
Male Female <30 yrs old 30-50 yrs old >50 yrs old
All Employees 62% 38% 11% 62% 27%
Managers 68% 32% 1% 61% 38%
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men 2022 ESG Report, Diversity and Inclusion
GRI 406: Non-discrimination 2016
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Standards of Business Conduct, pages 7-8
We reported three incidents of discrimination. Agilent reviewed every incident reported and took appropriate action.
GRI 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and Human Rights and Labor Policy
collective bargaining may be at risk
CTISCA Statement
Agilent respects the rights of employees to organize in labor unions in accordance with local laws and established practice, if desired. There
are no Agilent operations or geographic locations where worker’s rights are at risk.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 121GRI 408: Child Labor 2016
408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for Human Rights and Labor Policy
incidents of child labor
CTISCA Statement
Agilent is unaware of any operations or suppliers identified as having significant risk for incidents of child labor.
GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or 2022 ESG Report, Supplier ESG Standards and Compliance
compulsory labor
CTISCA Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
Procurement professionals are required to take additional online training on environmental, health, safety, and social responsibility. New
training has also been added on eliminating forced labor, slavery, and human trafficking from the global supply chain. Agilent’s purchase
order agreements include human rights clauses and require that suppliers comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct. Agilent is unaware of
any operations or suppliers identified as having significant risk for incidents of child labor. There are new laws regarding eliminating slavery
and forced labor in our supply chains each year. Agilent is continuing to monitor these laws and update its requirements to match. Additional
evaluations and audits are being added to make sure we meet the requirements.
GRI 410: Security Practices 2016
410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures Security personnel are offered Learning Management System online training upon new hire orientation.
Compliance expectation is set at 100%.
Percentage of security personnel who have received formal training in the organization’s human rights policies or specific procedures and
their application to security are 100%
GRI 413: Local Communities 2016
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and 2022 ESG Report, Engagement Through Giving and Volunteerism
development programs
413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential Agilent has not identified any negative impact on local communities caused by Agilent operations.
negative impacts on local communities
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 122GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria In 2022, 17% of new suppliers were screened using sustainability criteria.
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain Based on responses to our supplier compliance assessment questionnaire, 2 suppliers were identified as having the potential for high social
and actions taken risk. Agilent discontinued to work with those suppliers
GRI 415: Public Policy 2016
415-1 Political contributions Agilent's Political Contributions & Public Policy
GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service 2022 ESG Report, Product Quality and Safety
categories
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of Agilent did not receive any regulatory non-compliance notices for the reporting period.
products and services
GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling Annually Agilent communicates materials specifications through the General Specifications for Environment to its suppliers to inform them
of banned chemicals/materials that should not be included in material/parts/products bought by Agilent to ensure compliance with global
regulations and minimize the environmental impact of its products and operations.
Agilent also prepares Material Safety Data Sheets for Agilent and third-party-provided chemicals for safe use. Agilent and OEM products and
battery labels include a waste container symbol for help in proper disposal.
Agilent aims to minimize the environmental impact of its products and operations. Reuse programs are offered for selected Agilent products,
which address the European WEEE (Waste from Electrical and Electronic Equipment) Directive requirements. Agilent customers located in an
EU or EEA member states can participate in local take-back recycling programs that meet your country's WEEE Directive requirements.
417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information Agilent conducted a voluntary recall on Anti-FITC-AP CISH Accessory Kit due to incorrect expiration date on labels. This recall impacted two
and labeling customers and was classified as a Class III recall by the FDA. All actions have been completed to address the root cause of this issue and
termination of the recall is underway with the FDA.
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications Agilent had no incidents of marketing non-compliance during the reporting period.
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and Agilent is unaware of any complaints regarding breaches of customer privacy or loss of data in the period. Agilent’s Global Data Protection
losses of customer data and Privacy Program includes data breach management policies and procedures to address the handling of breaches that involve
unauthorized or unintended loss, change or transmission of personal data. These policies and procedures are scalable to respond to the
rapidly changing regulatory environment across the globe.
CEO Letter Our Company Our ESG Approach Innovating & Collaborating Environmental Social Governance Appendix 123Reporting Period
November 1, 2021 to October 31, 2022 unless otherwise noted. This aligns with Agilent’s
fiscal year (FY).
Scope and Boundaries
We report on our subsidiaries and affiliates where we have direct operational control unless
otherwise noted. Approximately 80% of Agilent's site energy footprint is reported from the
sites included in its annual analysis of energy use and carbon emissions.
See Agilent’s annual environmental data assurance statement for the 2022 ESG report at
https://www.agilent.com/environment/Agilent_Assurance_Statement.pdf
Learn more:
https://www.agilent.com/about/companyinfo/sustainability/
U.S. and Canada
1-800-227-9770
agilent_inquiries@agilent.com
Europe
info_agilent@agilent.com
Asia Pacific
inquiry_lsca@agilent.com
This information is subject to change without notice.
© Agilent Technologies, Inc. 2023
Published in the USA, July 2023