Agilent Technologies, Inc. +01 (877) 424 4536 telephone
5301 Stevens Creek Boulevard www.agilent.com
Santa Clara, CA 95051
USA
Agilent Statement on the Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) Directive
Agilent’s Quality and EHS Policies include a commitment to ensure our operations, products and services comply with
applicable environmental, health and safety regulations, implement controls to meet additional company requirements, and
operate in a manner that is committed to continual improvement in environmental sustainability through recycling, waste
minimization, conservation of resources, prevention of pollution, product development, management of hazardous materials, and
promotion of environmental responsibility amongst our employees.
Agilent manages an extensive program to eliminate potentially harmful materials in its products while ensuring high product
quality and reliability. Agilent is re-engineering existing products to meet the European Union Restriction of Hazardous
Substances (EU RoHS) Directive 2011/65/EU; while new product introductions expand the RoHS-compliant portfolio of
products.
The EU RoHS Directive 2011/65/EU restricts the use of six substances in electrical and electronic products that include: Lead
(Pb), Mercury (Hg), Cadmium (Cd), Hexavalent chromium (Cr VI), Polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs) and Polybrominated diphenyl
ethers (PBDEs). Product compliance is assured when considering the application of appropriate EU RoHS Exemptions. Agilent
products are classified within the EU RoHS Directive category list as Industrial Monitoring and Control Equipment (category 9),or
In-Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device (category 8). The additional restrictions of the EU Commission Delegated Directive
2015/863/EU add 4 phthalates (DEHP, BBP, DBP and DIBP) to RoHS; Agilent products will comply with these restrictions no
later than July 2021.
The present status and transition plan for each of the RoHS substances is given below:
 PBB and PBDE: The two groups of brominated flame retardants have been prohibited from use in Agilent products since
2000.
 Mercury and cadmium: Since 2001, Agilent has been actively removing mercury and cadmium from our products and will
continue to comply with EU RoHS requirements for these materials.
 Hexavalent chromium: Agilent is transitioning products that use hexavalent chromium in surface finishes to alternatives
which have been fully evaluated to meet performance requirements for metallic anti-corrosion and conductive shielding.
 Lead: Agilent is transitioning to the use of industry accepted and tested lead-free solders and is actively managing these
changes to ensure a high level of quality and long-term reliability is maintained.
 Phthalates (DEHP, BBP, DBP and DIBP): Agilent has restricted the use of the phthalates since 2009 and will continue to
restrict them further in order to comply with EU RoHS requirements for these materials.
Agilent is working closely with supply chain partners to assure compliance to restricted material requirements of all products
and materials supplied by partners.
For more information about Agilent’s environmental programs, please visit our web site at
http://www.agilent.com/environment/environment.shtml.
Nancy Lelicoff
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs, Quality Assurance and Clinical Affairs
Agilent Technologies
http://www.agilent.com/quality/agilent_rohs.pdf
Released May 2017 Page 1 of 1