Agilent 2023 ESG Report
Advancing Great Science
with Sustainable Solutions
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 1Table of Contents Learning Management 30
Training and Professional Development Programs 31
Diversity and Inclusion 34
CEO Letter 4 D&I Governance 34
Supply Chain Policies and Practices 37
Supplier Onboarding, Assessment and Audits 37
01 | Supporting Customers with Sustainable Solutions 5
Employee Training on Procurement Topics 38
Supplier Diversity 38
Instrument Recycling and Refurbishment 6
Human Rights and Labor Protections 38
ACT Labeled-Instruments 7
Occupational Health and Safety 39
Managing Energy from Laboratory Assets 8
Agilent Products that Help Reduce Waste and Energy Consumption 9
05 | Corporate Governance 41
02 | Our Approach to ESG 12 Governance Practices 42
Board Committees 42
Materiality Assessment 13
Board Composition 43
Stakeholder Engagement 14
Enterprise Risk Management 45
Management of ESG 14
Risk Oversight 45
Innovation and R&D 15
Climate Risk 46
Product Quality and Safety 47
03 | Environmental 17 Quality Management 47
Product Safety 48
Environmental Management Organization 18
Ethics and Compliance 49
Path to Net-Zero Emissions 18
Privacy and Security 51
2030 Emissions Targets 19
Cybersecurity 52
Energy Use Metrics 19
Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Metrics 20
Protecting the Environment Through Our Supply Chain 21 06 | Appendices 53
Waste Management 22
Water Management 23 SASB Index 54
Sustainable Packaging 24 TCFD Index 57
GRI Index 60
04 | Social 25
Human Capital Management and Development 26
Our Values and Culture–The One Agilent Way 26
Recruitment 27
Diverse Recruiting 27
Total Rewards 29
Retention 29
Talent Development 30
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 2Forward-looking statement
This report contains certain forward-looking statements based on our current
assumptions and expectations, which are subject to substantial risks and
uncertainties. The words “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “will,”
“should,” “forecast,” “project” and similar expressions, as they relate to the
company, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements include, among other things, projections related to emission
reductions and targets, changes in technology, statements about future business
plans, initiatives and objectives and standards and expectations of third parties.
All such forward-looking statements are intended to enjoy the protection of the
safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Significant factors that could cause
our actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are set forth
in our description of risk factors included in our filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC), including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended April 30, 2024, which should be read in conjunction with the
forward-looking statements in this report. Forward-looking statements speak
only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation
to update any forward-looking statement. Projections and forecasts shown
in this document are subject to change at any time. Historical information
was calculated using data available at the time of the calculation and may
be subject to revision.
Disclaimer
The terms “material” or “materiality,” as used in the context of this report, are different from such terms as used in the context of filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Issues deemed material for the purposes of this report should not necessarily be considered material
for SEC reporting purposes.
Non-financial information is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature of, and the methods used
for determining, such data. Some of our disclosures in this report are based on assumptions due to the inherent measurement uncertainties.
The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements. The precision of different
measurement techniques may also vary.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 3Letter from the CEO
Highlights from 2023 Achieved validation of emissions
targets from the Science Based
Our analytical and clinical laboratory instruments, technology, This report also details the large and growing number of Agilent
Targets initiative
consumables, and services touch over 265,000 labs worldwide. This products that help reduce waste and energy consumption. For
enables us to have a meaningful impact on science and society— example, our Agilent Cary 3500 Flexible UV-Vis Spectrophotometer
from supporting improvements in cancer diagnosis and treatment to reduces the use of consumables and reagents. For this reason, Reduced our Scope 1 and 2 89% of employees agreed Agilent
ensuring the food we eat and the water we drink is safe. It’s all part of scientists selected it as the 2023 Sustainable Product of the Year. emissions by 8% since 2019 even is a great place to work
our mission to advance the quality of life. as revenue grew 30%
Path to Net-Zero Emissions
The spirit behind our mission also applies to our operations and
Last year, the Science Based Targets initiative validated our
to our products. It drives our efforts to be a leading sustainable lab
net-zero emissions targets. I’m particularly proud that since 2019 Refurbished 5,400 instruments, Recognized as a top employer
partner to our customers, to work toward a clean-energy future, and
we have reduced our Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 8% even as our a 25% increase for women and remained strong
to be a top employer of diverse and inclusive talent.
revenue has grown more than 30%. We also completed a major on gender-based pay equity
Our 2023 ESG report, “Advancing Great Science with Sustainable solar-array installation in Delaware and further reduced emissions
Solutions,” showcases the progress we’ve made in these areas, by increasing the volume of products we ship by sea rather than
Share of instrument revenue from Increased volunteerism in our
and why scientists around the world continue to rate us highly air. I’m also delighted to see our supplier partners joining us on a
ACT-certified products increased five communities by 55%
on sustainability. multi-year effort to reduce our Scope 3 emissions from purchased
percentage points
goods and services.
I am proud of our progress, achievements, and the commitment
of Agilent team members who made it possible. Below are highlights Top Employer of Diverse and Inclusive Talent
from these efforts, and I invite you to learn more in the pages of
At Agilent, we’ve long been known for our outstanding work culture,
this report.
and we continue to invest in employees. Last year, we earned even
A Leading Sustainable Lab Partner higher scores from our employees in our annual Great Place to The future of
Work survey, achieving results very close to the top 25 employers
Agilent has the most comprehensive circular economy program
for instruments in our sector, known as the Certified Pre-Owned globally. Forbes, Fortune, and U.S. News and World Report named sustainable science
us a top employer, and Forbes once again recognized us as a top
Instruments Program. Last year, we refurbished 5,400 instruments,
employer for women.
a 25% increase over the previous year. That’s 5,400 instruments that is bright—and filled
will continue to be used for science, rather than going into a landfill. We continued to invest in initiatives that support diversity and
Customer demand for the program also is growing—we bought back inclusion and saw steady improvement in key metrics. We remained with possibilities.
over 3,600 used instruments from our customers, an 80% increase strong on gender-based pay equity. I am also proud of how engaged
over the previous year. employees are with our paid volunteer time off program. The
number of hours they volunteered grew 55% over the previous
And we further expanded the number of instruments with the
year, contributing to their well-being and to the strength of the
My Green Lab Accountability, Consistency, and Transparency (ACT)
communities in which we operate.
Label. The label indicates the environmental footprint of our products,
information that is becoming increasingly important for customers In closing, I want to thank our employees for executing on these
pursuing their own environmental goals. Our ACT-certified products important advances in sustainability and our customers for
now account for 40% of Agilent’s instrument revenues. providing the inspiration and motivation to make tomorrow better
Padraig McDonnell
than today. The future of sustainable science is bright—and filled
President and CEO
with possibilities.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 4SECTION 01
We offer our customers a comprehensive set of
sustainable solutions that touch all aspects of
the lab, from analytical instruments that produce
less waste to lab services and software that
improve energy management. We also offer
the most extensive instrument recycling and
refurbishment program in the sector, and our ACT-
labeled products ensure that our customers know
the environmental footprint of our products. The
following pages cover our wide range of products
and services that help our clients reach their
environmental goals, including new solutions we
introduced or expanded in 2023.
Supporting
Customers with
Sustainable Solutions
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 5Instrument Recycling Trade-In and Buyback Refurbished Instruments
As our instruments reach the end of their first Specially trained Agilent engineers refurbish
and Refurbishment
useful life, we offer customers the opportunity used instruments and certify them to the
to return used instruments for cash or credit for same original instrument manufacturing Key 2023 Program Metrics Year-over-Year
Our Certified Pre-Owned (CPO) Instruments Program their next Agilent purchase through our Trade-In specifications. CPO instruments ship with
keeps high-quality instruments out of landfills by putting and Buyback Program. Agilent makes the return up-to-date software, new PCs, start-up tools,
them back into the lab. Last year, we celebrated the 10th process easy by providing labor to deinstall, and accessories. Every CPO instrument is 8,600
in addition to packaging and shipping at no backed by the same installation, training,
anniversary of the program, marking $500 million in sales
additional cost to customers. Products are support services, and 12-month warranty that
of certified pre-owned instruments. That’s 10 years of
frequently packaged and shipped in a reusable, accompany our new instruments.
Instruments taken in through our
enabling more customers to experience Agilent instrument collapsible, pallet-based system, reducing the In 2022, we opened a new refurbishment center various programs, a 30% increase
quality, performance, and reliability while contributing to a cost and environmental impact of shipping
at our campus in Singapore, in addition to our
more circular economy. empty boxes. current capabilities in the Americas and Europe. 3,000
With this new center, we have dramatically
increased our ability to serve customer needs
CPO is part of Agilent’s Life Sciences and Applied Markets in the Asia Pacific region for both trade-ins and Instruments received through our
Group and an important source of strategic value for Agilent. instrument purchases. instrument return program, a 56% increase
CPO is divided into three areas:
Used Instrument Parts
• Marketing and Business Development >3,600
While we refurbish most of the systems we
markets and sells refurbished instruments to customers.
take back, our parts harvesting and liquidation
• Operations are also important to extending the life of our Used instruments bought back
We continued broadening the range of products
refurbishes used instruments to like-new condition. products and minimizing landfill waste. Our from our customers, an 80% increase
eligible for trade-in and buyback, which now
internal teams test and refurbish harvested
• Sourcing includes more than 200 Agilent products from
parts, which are then used by our field service
ensures we have sufficient un-refurbished instrument inventory to 11 different product lines. We also accept some >5,400
organization to keep instruments running
meet CPO demand, sourcing from customers through our Trade-In products outside of our product portfolio that
longer. Liquidation through a third-party partner
and Buyback Program, and internally from instruments used during we do not refurbish and resell.
is an important channel for managing excess
R&D or for customer demos. Refurbished lab instruments,
Since officially launching the Trade-In and inventory or parts or instruments that are
a 25% increase
Buyback Program in 2018, we have served not in our portfolio. It enables us to provide
over 1,200 unique customers across the world, customers with credit toward an Agilent
with 25% being repeat customers. In 2023, we purchase for competitor instruments as part of 3,800
increased our instrument returns by 30%. our Trade-In Program.
Certified Pre-Owned Instruments
sold, a 12% increase
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 6ACT-Labeled Instruments
Since 2020, Agilent has participated in My Green Lab’s
Accountability, Consistency, and Transparency (ACT)
label certification process for several Agilent instrument
families. The ACT label was designed to address the need
for clear, third-party verified information about a laboratory
product’s environmental impact from manufacturing, use,
packaging, and end-of-life—making it easier for customers
to choose more sustainable products aligned with their
environmental objectives.
6495D Triple Quadrupole LC/MS System 6530 LC/MS Q-TOF
Agilent was the organization’s first “Transformative
Level” sponsor and first sponsor of the My Green Lab
Certification program–the gold standard for laboratory
sustainability best practices. In November 2022, we
expanded our support, becoming the inaugural top-level
Angel Sponsor. The sponsorship provides Agilent with
greater access to My Green Lab’s strategic counsel on
6545XT AdvanceBio LC/Q-TOF
our sustainability initiatives and expertise that we can
share with our customers. Over the last few years, My
Green Lab’s support and outside perspective have been
instrumental in helping us shape our sustainable product
development culture and approach.
Agilent has a large and growing number of ACT-certified
products. As of January of 2024, we offered a total of 41
6230 LC/MS TOF G6699A Flowmeter
products and product families. Last year, 40% of Agilent’s
instrument revenues were for ACT-labeled products, an
increase from 35% the previous year.
See our full portfolio of ACT-labeled products
Cary-60
on our website.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 7Managing Energy From Asset performance management is the intersection of traditional asset management addressing a critical need to enhance operational efficiency, increase productivity,
with digital techniques. Agilent’s CrossLab asset performance management and reduce downtime, while minimizing environmental impacts. As a more efficient
Laboratory Assets capabilities aim to empower the next-generation laboratory that is digital, smart, and lab is a more sustainable lab, effective management of laboratory assets helps
connected, integrating augmented reality, artificial intelligence, data analytics and labs meet business, scientific and sustainability goals simultaneously. New data
robotics. It combines data intelligence technologies with sophisticated analytics that intelligence technologies and better industry insights improve lab operational
allow proactive management of lab performance. efficiency, producing more output with less energy—a win for both science and the
environment. Learn more at Agilent.com.
CrossLab Connect is the digital backbone of a comprehensive asset performance
management program in the lab. These digital capabilities optimize lab workflows,
Sustainability Benefits
CrossLab Capabilities Efficiency Benefits
Solvent/Reagent
Energy Reduction Waste Reduction
Reduction
Enables lab-wide visibility to capture utilization across all of the workflows compiled
Asset Monitoring
in a dashboard to drive insights for improvements.
Power Signature Monitoring Characterizes power consumption for connected assets.
Offers AI-characterized discrete changes in power patterns over time
Predictive Maintenance
to identify asset failure risk, enabling proactive maintenance and reducing
Analytics
environmental impact.
Monitors instrument health and provides alerts when maintenance or
Smart Alerts
replacement is needed, minimizing downtime, and reducing resource waste.
Partner Automated
Facilitates compliance harmonization and streamlines compliance procedures.
Compliance Engine (ACE)
Streamlines access management and reduces the need for manual paperwork. Scientific
iLab (Systems Access
workflow management functionality helps labs enhance their efficiency, minimizing
Management)
unnecessary steps and waste generation.
Provides augmented reality (AR) in the lab. When an instrument is down, our customers can
VirtualAssist turn on AR and have an Agilent service engineer over their shoulder to diagnose and repair,
where feasible, maximizing uptime and reducing our carbon footprint from travel.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 8Agilent Products That A large and growing number of our products feature innovations that have the Additionally, Agilent’s HydroInert Ion Source for GC/MS enables easier switching
potential to reduce water consumption, emissions, hazardous and nonhazardous from helium to hydrogen as the carrier gas. Helium is a finite resource with ongoing,
Help Reduce Waste and waste, and energy consumption. These offerings are a result of cross-functional unpredictable supply shortages and price increases. Unlike helium, hydrogen is a low
team collaboration and having sustainability embedded into the design and cost, renewable resource, and the best alternative to helium for GC/MS. The Agilent
Energy Consumption
production processes for new products as well as the updating of existing products. HydroInert prevents lab disruptions from insufficient helium supplies, using an
environmentally sustainable alternative.
Below are select Agilent products with sustainability benefits:
Reduce water consumption
The MP-AES does not use water or combustible The 1260 Infinity II SFC/UHPLC Hybrid System
gases to analyze samples. It runs on air, and the 1260 Infinity II SFC System provide low
InfinityLab
4210 MP-AES and it can be installed in either a centralized solvent consumption and less waste for true
SFC Solutions
laboratory or a remote location. green chemistry through uses of food-grade
CO instead of hazardous solvents.
2
Reduce emissions
Agilent 5800/5900 ICP-OES RF generator and
Mains Power Module reduce the amount of
electrical power required by 40% compared Stops harmful solvents from evaporating
InfinityLab
5800/5900 ICP-OES to previous models. The reduced exhaust into the lab air, protecting workers in the
Stay Safe caps
extraction means there is a lower requirement lab environment.
of A/C that further reduces electrical power.
Reduce hazardous waste
By increasing nebulization efficiency and with
OneNeb Nebulizer a low uptake rate, OneNeb universal nebulizer
Oil-free vacuum pumps for GC/MS are clean,
can reduce acid and reagent volumes used for
IDP dry scroll pumps green, and affordable, completely removing the Technology
sample preparation and therefore reduce waste
need to use any oil in the analytical process.
compared to conventional nebulizers.
The InfinityLab Poroshell 120 LC columns’ Intuvo uses an efficient direct heating
InfinityLab Poroshell dimensions of inner diameter (id), length, and system that requires less than half the
particle size are reduced to lower solvent Intuvo 9000 GC electrical power of a conventional GC while
120 LC columns
consumption up to 86% and analysis time up to also significantly reducing the heat energy
67% per analysis. emitted back into the lab.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 9The Agilent Cary 60 UV-Vis Spectrophotometer
Agilent 8700 LDIR uses a low-powered laser has an estimated lifetime of 20 or more years.
8700 LDIR as the light source instead of a thermal glow Cary 60 Additionally, the Xenon lamp module has a 10-
bar (powerful incandescent lightbulb) which year warranty, ultimately ensuring the product
previous versions used. doesn’t need replacement any time soon,
reducing the amount of resources needed.
The Agilent CrossLab Cartridge System (CS)
The Xenon flash lamp only flashes during CrossLab CS
bundle combines two critical GC flow path
a measurement, resulting in less energy Bundle: ADM
monitoring devices into one. The Electronic
consumption in comparison to standard
Flow Meter and GC Leak Detector will detect leaks or verify
Cary 3500 UV-VIS deuterium/tungsten lamps that remain on
Electronic Leak leak-free tubing and fittings, conserving various
continuously. Lamp usage/wastage is
reduced compared to typical systems that Detector gas types throughout the lab or site, including
hydrogen, nitrogen, helium, and others.
need annual lamp replacement.
Agilent TwisTorr 305 electronics enable
Transmission Raman is a nondestructive
direct communication and full control of
technique, performing solid-state analysis on
the turbopump through the Vacuum Link TRS100
tablets, capsules, and powders without the
TwisTorr 305 mobile App. The control system continuously
need for solvent extraction.
monitors the pump working parameters for
the application, self-adjusting power and
temperatures, and minimizing energy waste.
Increased the use of recyclable materials. High
Reduce nonhazardous waste matrix tolerance lowers the need for sample
The Cary 630 FTIR Dialpath and Tumblir
dilution, resulting in less waste requiring
accessories eliminate the need for liquid 8900 ICP QQQ
disposal. Low flow sample introduction
Cary 630 FTIR cells. Less volume of the sample means reduces reagent use and volume of waste for
significant reduction of cleaning agent and
disposal.
rinsing solvent waste.
The Agilent Vaya reduces time and waste
related to raw material identification. In
addition, Vaya is designed with sustainability
Vaya
in mind—requiring minimal energy use,
downtime, and consumables.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 10Sustainable Lab Product Lifecycle
Certification
Last year we completed a pilot life cycle
assessment product study with Environmental
Agilent has achieved the highest level of My Resources Management of an Agilent liquid
Green Lab Certification for our customer chromatography instrument. The study gave
demonstration labs in Waldbronn, Germany; us insight into the carbon footprint of the
Cheadle, UK; and Santa Clara, U.S. By instrument from the extraction of materials
participating in the My Green Lab Certification to the final production of the product, known
program, we demonstrate to our customers as “cradle to grave.”
that Agilent is an environmentally conscious
It also examined emissions associated
organization and that we are committed to
with transporting the instrument to the
improving our own sustainability efforts.
customer; the use of the instrument over its
When our customers visit our sites, particularly lifetime; and aspects of end-of-life, such as
our green certified sites, we can be transparent recycling and refurbishing. We’re now using
about our own sustainability journey and where the study results to inform how we prioritize
required, showcase our eco-friendly innovations and advance sustainability throughout the
and workflow solutions that will help enable life of our instruments. To establish a baseline
them to optimize their operations without from which to set future goals and targets,
compromising on quality results. we are collecting additional data on sustainable
product development by surveying R&D
managers on the integration of environmental
considerations into their new product programs.
Our vacuum products division provides a good
example of deploying this holistic approach
to deliver a more sustainable product to our
customers. Specialists from manufacturing,
product engineering, packaging, and EH&S
worked together to advance numerous
initiatives to improve sustainability of our
vacuum products, including new packaging
for replacement parts, solar panels for our
manufacturing facilities, ocean shipment
program, shortened testing phases, wastewater
management, and a new washing plant.
Read more about it on our website.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 11SECTION 02
Our
Approach
to ESG
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 12Materiality Assessment
We determine which issues are material to our operations by Product sustainability
conducting regular materiality assessments. We conducted Product safety & quality Customer satisfaction & engagement
Climate change & energy
our first materiality assessment in 2019 under the guidance
Innovation & research & development
Ethical business conduct
of a third-party firm. We updated the assessment in 2021, Supply chain sustainability
and we conducted another update with internal stakeholders & responsible sourcing
across the company in 2023. Market presence Economic Waste management
& pricing performance
Results of these updates showed little change from previous years, Chemicals & hazardous materials
aside from a greater focus on chemicals management and climate
Corporate governance & leadership
change. The materiality of chemicals management increased due to Air quality Water & effluents
expansion of our oligonucleotide manufacturing facility at our Frederick, Occupational
Colorado location and production of consumables at our Newport, health & safety
Delaware location. We continue to add resources as needed to manage Labor practices Diversity & inclusion
these risks. We have tight chemical procurement and training controls
Talent attraction,
in place and comply with all environmental, health, and safety (EHS) development & retention
requirements to protect our employees, the environment, and surrounding Community
engagement & relations
communities where we operate.
See more about chemicals management in Moderate High Very High
the Environmental Management, Occupational
Health & Safety, and Waste Management
sections of this report.
Climate change received a boost in materiality ranking largely due to
greater focus on regulations in the U.S. and EU governing emissions.
In 2021, we began increasing our focus on the assessment of climate
change risks and mitigation. We committed to achieving net-zero
We are also guided by UN Sustainable
emissions by 2050 and establishing interim science-based targets. We
also conducted a climate scenario analysis to better understand our Development Goals, where we can
risks and began reporting on our findings in line with the Task Force on have an impact through our operations,
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. programs, policies, and practices.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 13
sredlohekatS
ot
ecnatropmI
hgiH
yreV
hgiH
etaredoM
Significance of Impacts
People Business integrity & prosperity Planet All themesStakeholder Engagement process to address urgent customer ESG Issue Position or Title Level from Board* Level from CEO
concerns and a continuous improvement
process to address more extensive
All levels of the organization, from our board Overall ESG
improvement opportunities. VP, Workplace Services 3 2
of directors to our field service engineers, Management
engage our stakeholders on an ongoing basis. We have a shareholder engagement program
Enterprise Risk
We maintain a register of companywide that reaches a wide variety of stockholders, VP, Workplace Services 3 2
Management
interested parties, their requirements and market participants, and potential investors.
expectations, and how we intend to meet This program involves periodic discussions Health & Safety, and
our obligations. Stakeholder feedback is on a range of issues that may be of interest, Environmental Issue Director, EH&S 4 3
incorporated into our corporate and ESG such as our business, financial, and operating
strategy, systems, programs, processes, and performance, corporate governance initiatives, Supply Chain Social VP of Purchasing
3 2
the measures we use to define our success. ESG-related disclosures and practices, and risk Responsibility VP of Global Sourcing
management. We participated in numerous
We assess our customer experience through
investor events in 2023. For more information, Human Rights Issues SVP, Human Resources 2 1
a variety of feedback mechanisms. These
visit Agilent’s Investor Relations website.
include an annual market study, project-based
primary customer research, customer feedback Read more about how we engage other key Labor Issues Employment Law Counsel 3 2
provided directly to Agilent employees, and stakeholder groups in the University Relations,
an ongoing customer experience survey that Early Stage Partnership program, Supply Chain
measures customer experience perceptions and the Environment, Supply Chain Policies and Diversity and Inclusion AVP, Diversity and Inclusion 3 2
across their key engagements with Agilent. Practices, and Human Capital Management
We also use a closed-loop corrective action sections of the report. *The numbers indicate the level from the board or CEO in Agilent’s organizational structure.
Management of ESG Management-Level ESG Working Group Services (WPS), which manages our Global EHS opportunities and reinforce sustainability as a core
organization and performance against companywide area of focus. Members meet monthly to present their
The vice president of Workplace Services leads the
The ESG Steering Committee, comprised of senior sustainability goals. environmental and social sustainability innovations,
ESG Working Group, comprised of representatives
executives who report to our CEO, meets biannually programs, achievements, and plans.
from key functions such as supply chain, site Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain (OFS) plays
to provide oversight of our ESG strategy, identify new
operations, research and development (R&D), new a critical role in developing and implementing
ESG focus areas and trends, and approve plans of
product introduction (NPI), manufacturing, and strategies to reduce our environmental impacts
record. It reports to the Board’s Nominating/Corporate
marketing, among others. The Working Group meets within our internal operations and our supply chain, Our Board of Directors also have a
Governance Committee annually.
regularly to identify gaps and priorities and integrate including monitoring our suppliers to make sure critical role in ESG oversight.
To ensure a coherent and strategic focus is given to ESG ESG strategies and programs into business strategies. they are operating responsibly and sustainably.
See more in the Governance section.
across the company, our vice president of Workplace
ESG Teams The NPI/R&D Sustainability Team ensures
Services and head of ESG Programs has responsibility
sustainability is considered at each phase of the
for both the ESG and Enterprise Risk Management Day-to-day management of ESG issues resides within
product lifecycle and is composed of experts from
programs and reports biannually to the ESG Steering each relevant business or function, supported by
R&D, quality, marketing, EHS, and OFS.
Committee and the Executive Risk Committee. Issue- additional groups that collaborate on sustainability-
specific responsibilities are assigned to various senior related issues. These teams include Workplace The Sustainability Forum brings together employees
leaders with relevant domain expertise. from all areas of the company to identify new
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 14Innovation and R&D Fighting Cancer
Agilent has unique, proprietary instruments and cell analysis workflow solutions that allow
In our materiality assessment, our stakeholders researchers to understand the metabolism, surface markers, and functional biology of cancer cells
prioritize innovation and R&D. Both are with depth and precision.
closely connected to our ability to thrive as
Additionally, our pathology solutions enable providers and clinical labs to obtain accurate results
a company and generate new solutions that
more quickly. Our companion diagnostics can quickly identify if a patient is likely to benefit from a
advance the quality of life. We do that through
specific targeted therapy. Both are important to helping cancer patients receive accurate diagnoses
internal R&D, academic research, early-stage
and effective treatments.
company partnerships, and acquisition of novel
companies and technology.
Therapeutics for Chronic Disease
We invest approximately 7% of annual revenue
Therapeutic oligonucleotides have grown in importance due to their potential to treat a wide range
in R&D within Agilent to power growth by
of chronic diseases. Agilent provides complete workflows featuring instruments, software, columns,
creating the technologies and applications
and consumables optimized for oligonucleotide analysis.
that will underlie tomorrow’s breakthroughs
and enable Agilent customers to answer new Agilent is also a leading cGMP manufacturer of nucleic acid-based therapeutics with state-of-
questions at the leading edge of life science, the-art facilities in Boulder and Frederick, Colorado that produce siRNA, antisense, and CRISPR
diagnostics, and the applied markets. guide RNA molecules. In 2023, we also broke ground on a $725 million expansion of our Frederick
manufacturing facility.
Here are a few areas where our previous
investments in innovation have contributed
to our solutions that improve human health, Protecting the Environment
protect the environment, and support the
There is growing concern across the world about the impact of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances
energy transition.
(PFAS), microplastics, and other contaminants in our water, food, and soil. Agilent is the industry
leader in providing analytical solutions for detecting and measuring environmental contaminants
with the most comprehensive and integrated solutions that lead to unbiased quantitative and
qualitative data on pollutants at trace levels, which is critical for understanding impacts on public
health and the environment.
We also won an award in 2023 for our innovative Bond Elut PFAS WAX solid phase extraction
cartridges, which isolate PFAS from environmental matrices.
Supporting the Energy Transition
Global demand for batteries is increasing as governments and consumers move toward electric
vehicles. Agilent offers solutions for every stage of the li-ion battery lifecycle, from monitoring
impurities in raw materials to safely recycling batteries so the scarce resources within them can
be reused.
Agilent instruments are also essential to testing for impurities in hydrogen fuel to ensure the
energy source is stable and safe to use.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 15Academic Collaborations leading provider of scientific instruments universities for up to 40 proposals each year Early Stage Partnership Program
and solutions. Last year we invested roughly in areas of strong mutual interest that advance
Agilent’s University Research Program supports Agilent’s Early Stage Partnership (ESP)
$11 million in awards to support research for our understanding of core technologies or
research and collaboration with academics in Program provides a valuable link between an
scientific and technological advancement. applications of strategic importance. The
areas of strong mutual interest to advance the early-stage company’s entrepreneurial spirit
Academic institutions that receive Agilent research projects are selected for funding
proposed research, develop our understanding and Agilent’s domain expertise. We partner
University Relations support retain independent through a rigorous evaluation process led
of core technologies or applications of strategic with early-stage companies, from early proof
control over their research, and awards are by the University Relations team, with final
importance, and to bring new knowledge that of concept to revenue stage, that are working
not contingent in any way on contractual decisions made by an internal committee
illuminates our future. on game-changing tools, technologies, and
obligations to Agilent. of technology experts. The following is a
applications to advance the Life Science
Our University Relations programs facilitate summary of our 2023 funding to support
Our 2023 awardees are conducting leading Research, Clinical Research, and Diagnostic
mutually beneficial collaborations that leading academic research.
research in areas such as bioprocess markets. In 2023, Agilent accepted LASE
promote innovation and drive progress
engineering, synthetic biology, quantitative Innovation and Halo Xray into our program
in scientific research. The programs help
analysis of pollutants like per- and and provided follow-on investments to
Agilent stay at the forefront of science and
polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), and CAR-T Akadeum, Halo Labs, MOBILion, and PreciseDx
technology and maintain its position as a
cell manufacturing. We provide funding to to support their next stage of development.
Acquisitions to Advance
Growth and Innovation
Our innovation strategy also includes
2023 Academic Research Awards
acquiring companies with potential to shape
the lab of tomorrow. Agilent made two
acquisitions in 2023: e-MSion and Avida
Region Cash Awards ($) Product Award ($) Biomed. e-MSion is an early-stage company
behind the innovative electron capture
dissociation (ECD) technology known as the
Americas $2,036,000 $5,159,000 ExD cell. The ExD cell is a compact device for
mass spectrometers that enables biological
Asia Pacific $941,000 $101,000 researchers to develop biotherapeutic
products more quickly to treat disease.
Avida Biomed is a developer of high
Europe $1,099,000 $1,719,000
performance NGS target enrichment
workflows for cancer research. The technology
Total $4,076,000 $6,979,000 will enable scientists working in precision
medicine to develop new approaches for a
variety of applications including biomarker
discovery, patient selection for clinical trials,
Total Giving $11,055,000
diagnosis and prognosis, therapy selection,
and disease recurrence.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 16SECTION 03
Environment
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 17Science Based Targets Initiative
Validates Agilent’s Targets
Environmental Agilent’s Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain Path to Net-Zero We are also engaging with our supply chain to
division (OFS) collaborates with Global EHS on identify which suppliers have the largest carbon
Management Organization assessing risks and opportunities, implementing Emissions footprint, working with those suppliers to reduce
mitigation measures, and meeting corporate emissions, and factoring carbon footprint into
Agilent operates an EHS management and customer sustainability goals. The group Agilent has committed to achieving net-zero supplier selection decisions.
system (EHSMS) designed to minimize is responsible for identifying and implementing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050. Last Science Based Targets Initiative
adverse environmental and occupational sustainability initiatives for site-level operations, year, we reached an important milestone with the
Validates Agilent’s Targets
health and safety impacts and ensure ongoing procurement, and logistics that reduce resource Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) approving
compliance with external regulations and use, waste, and emissions. our near and long-term targets. Our interim, net- Agilent’s near and long-term targets for reaching
internal EHS standards, while meeting the The cross-functional, cross-business NPI/R&D zero emissions reduction targets cover our direct net-zero greenhouse gas emissions have been
needs of key stakeholders. Our EHSMS is Sustainability team works to ensure Agilent and indirect emissions, including those from approved by the SBTi. The targets support the
aligned to ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 and covers products are the industry-leading choice to our value chain, which represent most of our ambitious goal to limit planetary warming to 1.5°C
our design, development, manufacturing, and reduce customers’ environmental footprint, while total emissions. We have reduced Scope 1 and above pre-industrial levels.
sourcing activities worldwide. Sites included maintaining successful laboratory operations 2 emissions 8% since 2019—even as our SBTi is an independent organization that validates
within the scope of the EHSMS are determined by designing and developing our products for revenue has increased roughly 30% over the company emissions targets to ensure they meet
through systematic risk analysis and take improved efficiency and sustainability. same period. the criteria required to prevent the worst effects of
into consideration the nature and scale of Our emissions reductions strategy includes climate change. The SBTi partners with the CDP, the
site operations. investing more in renewable energy at our sites United Nations Global Compact, World Resources
As a matrix organization, environmental and facilities, moving our car fleets from gas to Institute, and World Wide Fund for Nature in defining
sustainability at Agilent is managed New Baseline Year electric, reducing business travel, and moving and validating targets grounded in climate science.
collaboratively across functions, businesses, for Reporting Progress more freight via sea or rail.
and geographies. Agilent’s Workplace
We’ve updated the baseline year of
Services and Order Fulfillment and Supply
reporting progress for emissions,
Chain divisions have primary responsibility, For example, in 2023, we undertook and
energy, waste and water from 2014 to
with complementary roles for managing completed a major solar array panel
2019. This new 2019 baseline year is
environmental impacts related to our installation at our Little Falls site in
more representative of Agilent’s global
operations and meeting corporate and Delaware. The project includes 2,352 solar We’re measuring our progress toward our net-
operations and aligned with our goals
customer sustainability goals. panels that will generate 1,325,000 kilowatt zero goals with interim targets in accordance with
approved by the Science Based Targets
hours per year and offset 939 metric tons the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, a comprehensive
Agilent’s Global EHS organization, as part initiative. We also began reporting
of carbon dioxide. The installation was global standardized framework to measure and
of WPS, maintains the EHSMS and related energy in megawatt hours (MWh)
completed in 2023 and is expected to be manage greenhouse gas emissions. Disclosures
external certifications, and oversees our rather than gigajoules (GJ). Our energy
fully operational in 2024. on our progress are verified annually by an
EHS programs, inspections for EHS hazards, and emissions data covers 95% of our
independent third party. Last year that verification
and periodic risk assessments and audits. global operations. All emissions data
was conducted by Apex Companies, LLC.
Global EHS is also responsible for managing are reported in metric tons.
Agilent’s Environmental Data and Assurance
performance against our sustainability
Statement is available on the Environmental
strategy, goals, and key performance indicators
Health and Safety section of our website.
and identifies facility-level projects as part
of the group’s oversight of our corporate real
estate strategy.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 182030 Emissions Targets (2019 Baseline) Energy Use Metrics*
Goals Scope Focus Areas Direct Energy Use (MWh) 2019 2023
Scope 1 Natural gas 55,429 67,859
Site Operations
Scope 1
Site Operations
Direct emissions from Diesel fuel 287 123
Onsite fuel combustion, fleet vehicles,
Agilent owned or
and air-conditioning leaks
controlled sources Propane 545 571
Reduce
Solar PV 1,659 6,400
50% by 2030
Scope 2 Total Direct Energy Use 57,920 74,953
Indirect emissions Site Operations
from energy or heat Site purchased energy Indirect Energy Use (MWh) 2019 2023
purchased by Agilent
Electricity 131,333 105,339
Heating 5,470 5,824
Purchased goods and services
Capital goods Total Indirect Energy Use 136,803 111,163
Upstream transportation and distribution
Total Direct and Indirect Energy Use (MWh) 194,723 186,116
Scope 3 Waste generated in operations
Indirect emissions Total Direct and Indirect Energy Use Intensity
Business travel 0.0358 0.025
Reduce from our value chain, (kWh/sq ft)
30% by 2030 occurring from Employee commuting
sources we do not *In FY23, we began reporting energy in MWh from GJ. We also adopted 2019 as our new baseline year. All reporting in FY23 and in the
Upstream leased assets
own or control future is expected to include 95% of our operational footprint. Data for years 2021 and 2022 are based on an 80% operational footprint,
so are not included in the table since they are not directly comparable to data for 2019 and 2023.
Downstream transportation and distribution
Use of sold products
End-of-life treatment of sold products
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 19Scope 1, 2 & 3 Emissions Metrics*
FY19 2023
Scope 1 Metric Tons Metric Tons
CO2 19,225 20,459
CH4 0.46 0.49
N2O 0.02 0.02
Total Scope 1 (CO2e) 19,226 20,460
Scope 2
CO2 54,609 48,156
CH4 2.58 2.2
N2O 1.11 1.04
Total Scope 2 Location-based CO2e 54,665 48,159
Total Scope 1 and 2 CO2e 73,891 68,619
Total Scope 1 and 2 Intensity (CO2e/sq. ft.) 0.01195 0.01059
Scope 3 CO2e
Business travel 20,437 10,360
Transportation and distribution 139,715 78,239
Total Scope 3 from these categories** 160,152 88,599
*All reporting in FY23 and in the future is expected to include 95% of our operational footprint. Data for years 2021 and 2022 are based on an 80% operational footprint, so are not included in the table
since they are not directly comparable to data for 2019 and 2023. This year, we also moved Agilent Fleet emissions data from Scope 3 to Scope 1.
**This total includes only Scope 3 emissions from business travel, and transportation and distribution of products from Agilent to our customers and between our logistics centers.
It does not include other Scope 3 categories, such as purchased goods and services and capital goods.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 20Protecting the Environment In addition, we’re also establishing we used to achieve this include using ground
foundational processes and procedures to shipment with trucks powered by natural
Through Our Supply Chain manage sustainable procurement, including gas, rather than diesel, and less-than-truckload
setting emissions goals, creating models services, which consolidate many smaller
Engaging Suppliers on Scope 3 Emissions for ongoing supplier engagement, and shipments into a single truckload for greater
integrating sustainability criteria into supplier efficiency.
Scope 3 makes up more than 90% of our GHG emissions, and meeting performance reviews.
Role of OFS in Advancing
our reduction goals will require close collaboration across our value chain.
Our top priority is reducing emissions from purchased goods and services Others are recognizing these efforts. The Environmental Sustainability
environmental public disclosure nonprofit
and capital goods. Agilent’s Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain
CDP issued Agilent an A- rating on supplier
In 2022, the Agilent Procurement ESG Program team officially launched engagement, which acknowledges the best division, known as OFS, created a multiyear
the first phase of our long-term roadmap for supplier engagement, practices we’ve implemented to reduce roadmap for developing and implementing
measuring the baseline of supplier emissions contributions and Scope 3 emissions. a sustainability program. The focus for 2023
identifying top emitters among our suppliers. was achieving alignment and mobilization
across the organization with the objectives
of engaging the workforce and suppliers,
In 2023, we took the program further, advancing the
integrating sustainability goals and metrics into
following key supplier engagement activities:
our strategy, harmonizing our activities with
R&D and product marketing, and identifying
actions with quick and high-impact results.
Established a supplier engagement framework model
Over 700 employees have participated in
our sustainability education program. Their
work has already resulted in a substantial
In 2024, we will continue to prioritize our
increase in continuous improvement (CI)
Assessed the carbon maturity of over 200 suppliers work with suppliers with the greatest potential
sustainability projects across the organization,
to reduce our Scope 3 footprint by sharing
generating cost savings of $1.3 million. Other
best practices, communicating expectations,
sustainable process improvements in 2023
and collaborating to reach these shared
Updated our supplier relationship management and scorecard include implementing automated bath cleaning
environmental goals.
review process to include sustainability criteria processes that saves 30,000 gallons of water
Reducing Emissions Through
per year, installing building sensors that reduce
Sea Shipping energy consumption, replacing paper lab
Hosted nine forums with our key suppliers to communicate
notebooks with digital notebooks, and adopting
Since 2019, we’ve reduced our emissions from
our net-zero goals and set expectations.
a new washing process that saves 90,000
product delivery, largely by moving shipments
gallons of water each year.
from air, which is more energy intensive, to
Completed 10 roundtable sessions with more monthly sea shipments. Through supply chain For information on other issues in the
than 50 suppliers management, we can ensure our products are supply chain, such as codes of conduct
delivered to our customers efficiently and safely and labor policies, see Supply Chain
by sea, providing the same level of service while Policies and Practices.
During Supplier Day events and face-to-face summits with
reducing our carbon footprint. Other tactics
more than 100 suppliers, we held special sessions to share
sustainability best practices in the supply chain
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 21Waste Management Recycling Acetonitrile, a key raw material Waste Management Progress
in oligonucleotide manufacturing
Agilent prioritizes eliminating and minimizing hazardous As our oligonucleotide therapeutics production We saw steady progress in 2023, and a notable increase in the amount of recycled
and non-hazardous waste from procurement and capacity has grown in recent years, our hazardous waste due to the new acetonitrile recycling system we designed and
engineering team has explored ways to implemented at our Frederick oligonucleotide manufacturing facility.
production; adopts responsible, efficient, and effective
improve processing waste containing our most
waste management practices in compliance with
common raw material, acetonitrile, in a more Non-Hazardous Waste Disposal (MT) 2021 2022 2023
environmental regulations; engages in employee sustainable and efficient manner.
training and communication on waste elimination and Acetonitrile is a key solvent used in the Reused/Offsets* 175 220 250
minimization; and tracks and monitors metrics to manage production of oligos, the active pharmaceutical
performance against our goals throughout the year. ingredient in nucleic acid therapeutics, which Composted 130 256 496
are used to target and eliminate symptoms of
chronic diseases like cancer. Recycled 1,603 2,032 2,030
In 2023, Agilent achieved 94% solid waste diversion
Our previous approach collected process waste
against our 95% target. We achieved this through waste to include acetonitrile as a single bulk organic Incinerated 535 576 549
reduction measures such as: waste stream. The disposal of this waste
Landfilled 164 187 223
stream by a third party was costly and sent a
valuable material to waste.
Total Non-Hazardous Waste (MT) 2,607 3,271 3,547
Switching from paper-based to digital documentation
To address this, our engineers devised a way to
segregate and collect acetonitrile from portions
Landfill Diversion Rate 94% 94% 94%
of our process waste stream. This system
Reducing scrap and expired inventory improvement has already resulted in tens of
Hazardous Waste Disposal 2021 2022 2023
thousands of gallons of acetonitrile collected,
which can be reused as product by other
Recycled 1,611 1,718 2,231
Removing redundant steps industries or reclaimed to produce a higher
purity acetonitrile product.
Incinerated 4,512 4,426 4,871
We project the system will eliminate up to
Conducting chemicals risk assessments 80,000 gallons of organic waste per year. It
Treated 1,584 1,872 1,833
also reduces Agilent’s waste disposal cost and
introduces acetonitrile back into the market for
Landfilled 4 4 95
Finding alternatives to hazardous materials reuse as a raw material.
Total Hazardous Waste (MT) 7,711 8,020 9,030
We have also placed greater emphasis on management of solvents
as our use of them has grown as a result of expanded production *Any material that would have been disposed of as a waste that has been diverted by reusing it. The highest
of nucleic acid-based therapeutics. See “Recycling Acetonitrile” to and best use of material, which includes creating and keeping materials in a useful loop as long as possible is
acceptable as an offset. Agilent’s data includes two types of offsets: 1) weight of empty chemical totes returned
learn about how we re-engineered our production systems to enable
to the manufacturer/supplier for refill that were sent back to Agilent, 2) weight of disposable frocks/lab coats that
recycling of a common solvent in manufacturing.
Agilent lab and manufacturing personnel would have used if reusable alternatives were not available.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 22Water Management Water Management Data*
We track and monitor municipal water usage
data quarterly, where possible, to monitor Water Consumption 2019
2021 2022 2023
performance against goals and take prompt (1,000 m3) (baseline)
action if any remedial action is necessary at
individual sites. Our Turin (Italy) and Manesar
(India) sites extract groundwater for operations
using local aquifers, unlike Agilent’s other sites Groundwater 136 114 116 117
that use municipal water.
Since 2019, we have reduced our water
consumption per operational square foot by Municipal water supplies
347 339 315 339
19%. We have set a new goal to reduce water or other water utilities
consumption by 20% by 2030 from a baseline
year of 2019.
Total water consumption
The discharge of water varies from site to site, 483 435 431 455
(1,000 m3)
but can be attributed to domestic sanitation,
production operations and cooling systems.
Typically, a small proportion of discharge from
Total water consumption
an on-site water treatment plant is approved 0.137 0.116 0.111 0.116
with local permits and consideration for intensity (1,000 m3/sq ft)
environmental impacts.
Surface water discharge is directed toward
*Water discharge is largely equivalent to the water consumption–the only losses of any significance being to atmosphere through
local surface water infrastructure, ensuring the site evaporate cooling plants.
separation of potential contaminants from our
site. When water is discharged into the sewer
system, we carefully consider factors such as
evaporation and irrigation of site grounds.
While we do not currently measure the specific
metrics associated with our water discharge,
we estimate that 5% of the discharge occurs
through evaporation, primarily in areas where
evaporative coolers are present.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 23Sustainable Packaging Sustainable Packaging Approach and Progress
Agilent launched the Sustainable Packaging Playbook in 2022, which provides a framework for our
We strive to minimize our post-consumer waste through teams to identify sustainable packaging options that maintain product quality, safety, and integrity. The
the design and development of sustainable packaging of Playbook contains a growing library of sustainable packaging case studies, best practices, and examples
from around the company. It provides a shared resource of knowledge to further advance our packaging
our products. We continuously evaluate opportunities
initiatives. Below are some of the packaging advances we made in 2023:
to replace existing solutions with sustainable packaging
options. Our approach to more eco-friendly packaging
focuses on three key areas: optimizing design, sourcing We completed the redesign of our GC1 Packed Column box, replacing the foam cushioning with a
sustainably, and supporting recycling. paper mesh alternative and replacing the paper guide with a digital version. This environmentally
friendly swap also saves thousands in costs annually.
Our 5500a FTIR Flow Cell Stanhope instrument was previously packed with Instapak foam.
We replaced it with a polyethylene foam, a more sustainable material that is composed of 60%
recycled material.
Packaging for our Easi portfolio of 116 products used for calibrating chromatography machines
have a complex design made entirely out of plastic. In 2023, we completed our redesign of the
packaging to be plastic-free and easier to disassemble and recycle. We estimate a reduction of
almost 300kg of plastic waste a year.
Optimizing Design: “right size” packaging by minimizing the
In 2018, we began replacing popcorn and foam fillers with kraft paper. Since then, we’ve rolled out
packaging size and volume of materials used, and eliminate
this practice to our largest logistics and manufacturing facilities, including two more last year and
unnecessary packaging.
resulting in a reduction of 240kg per year of plastic-based material. We also replaced our plastic
packaging tools with paper-based and other sustainable substitutes, a small but impactful step
when scaled across our global operations.
Sustainable Sourcing: maximize the use of recycled and
sustainably sourced renewable content, enhance material health We eliminated single use plastics from our chemical standards kits, a plastic sleeve known as a
by removing priority chemicals and other restricted packaging “cracker” that customers grip when snapping off the top of the chemical standard ampoule. The
content, and eliminate single-use plastic materials. result was not only a more sustainable product, but also a more cost effective one, as the new
product saves thousands of hours in labor and materials costs.
We eliminated paper chemical standards labels and replaced them with QR codes on product labels.
Supporting Recycling: design packaging that is easy to
This has saved 700,000 pieces of paper at one facility annually, in addition to saving costs on printing,
recycle, incorporate recycled content, and improve customer
paper, and labor. Our plans include removing them from most sites that produce consumables by 2025.
communication on packaging recyclability.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 24SECTION 04
Social
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 25Human Capital Our Values and Culture: over a series of events how they reconcile
our core values with traditional Eastern
Agilent Great Place to
The One Agilent Way culture, sharing ancient Chinese stories of
Work™ Certified Countries Management &
friends whose vocal nature helped other
and Territories In 2021, we embarked on a refresh of our people succeed. We also rolled out a new
Development
values, which we call the One Agilent Way. E-Card recognition program that encourages
These values largely account for Agilent’s employees to recognize colleagues who
We believe a strong culture is essential to driving great work environment. They are also a model our values.
Australia Japan
innovation and delivering superior solutions to our competitive advantage as they enable teams We also track our performance in regard
customers. We foster a healthy work environment to work more effectively across areas to our values of respect, integrity, and
Austria Malaysia in which employees can leverage their talents to to bring new innovations and solutions to ethical conduct through our Great Place to
have a meaningful impact with the support of a our customers. Work® Survey. See more in the employee
Belgium Mexico collaborative team that sets high standards while We unveiled our refreshed values to leaders engagement section.
also prioritizing well-being.
and people managers in 2022, and to all
Brazil Netherlands We’re proud to receive external recognition for these employees in early 2023 with a Town Hall
efforts. In 2023 and early 2024, Agilent was named Meeting led by our CEO. Various leaders
one of the Best Workplaces™ in Canada, China, around the world have followed up with their
Canada Singapore
France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Spain, own One Agilent Way sessions and ensured
Singapore, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom. accountability through annual performance
China South Korea
review discussions.
Last year we also achieved Great Place to Work
Certification in all 27 countries and territories eligible Our Culture Ambassadors, leaders in the
Denmark Spain
for the distinction throughout Asia Pacific, the organization who embody our values and
Americas, and Europe. The certification is awarded are passionate about instilling them in our
Finland Sweden to companies that meet the highest standards of culture, championed the program by offering
organizational culture and employee satisfaction their time, insights and tips to successfully
based on results of an independent survey of their adopt the values. Throughout the year, we
France Switzerland
employees administered by the Great Place to created a Spotlight on Values series where
Work Institute. we held small roundtable discussions,
Germany Taiwan
webinars with diverse sets of employees
Employees rated Agilent equal to or higher than the
across functions, podcast conversations,
world’s Top 25 best workplaces in many areas, with
Hong Kong Thailand and articles with helpful how-to tips.
89% agreeing the company is a great place to work.
Team members made our values come to
We were also named a top employer by U.S.
India United Kingdom life with creative and engaging events. For
News and World Report, Newsweek, and Fortune;
example, in the Netherlands, teammates
a top company for women by Forbes; and a
Ireland United States top 50 employer by HBCU Connect, a leading guided their blindfolded partners over, under,
and around obstacles, which reinforced
career resource for Historically Black Colleges
the value of strong communication. Our
Italy and Universities.
33 culture ambassadors in China shared
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 26Recruitment A variety of tools and resources
are used to facilitate inclusivity during
recruiting, such as:
Recruitment is a critical function at Agilent in
attracting and hiring top talent in more than 30 • Inclusive recruiting tool used by all
countries. Our Global Talent team prioritizes recruiters throughout the process
reaching a broad pool of candidates in an
• Software that replaces language that
open and transparent manner; maintaining can be associated with unconscious
a consistent candidate experience; and bias related to gender, age, and ability
providing candidates with a comprehensive
• Manager toolkits with information and
understanding of our company, our culture,
resources on diverse interview pools,
and the exceptional work experience we offer. slates, and panels
The Global Talent Acquisition and Mobility
team maintains close linkages with the A pipeline to diverse talent is mission-critical
Compensation, Benefits, and Learning and to our success at Agilent. Gender diversity is
Development teams to provide feedback from a worldwide focus for recruiting, while other
candidates about Agilent’s competitiveness types of targeted recruiting vary by country.
in the marketplace.
For example, to invest and support our STEM
Internal recruiters and third-party recruiting pipeline in the U.S., we have developed long-
partners are trained in our processes and term relationships with Historically Black
standards so that all candidates are evaluated Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) and
using the same metrics, standards, policies, Hispanic-Serving Institutions (HSIs). We post
practices, and guidelines. our open positions and hold virtual recruiting
events through HBCU Connect, the largest
Diverse Recruiting
social network for students and alumni of
HBCUs. In addition to having partnerships with
Recruiters receive education on the priority individual institutions, we also work closely
Agilent places on attracting diverse talent with our employee network groups (ENGs) to
and maintaining an inclusive environment. reach diverse talent through their members and
Managers are similarly educated on their role personal networks.
in inclusive recruiting, such as the importance
To assess the effectiveness of our recruiting
of assembling diverse interview panels so that
efforts, we analyze data related to diversity
candidates can see themselves at Agilent.
hiring versus availability. We review attrition
Managers are also asked to create structured
and retention percentages by demographic
rubrics and concrete scoring guides to ensure
and the selection process for formal
a standardized and objective approach to the
development programming. We also track
interview process.
social media reach.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 27Agilent Foundation Support for Diversity in STEM Our engagement with and funding of nonprofit education organizations are helping more women
and underrepresented students pursue studies in STEM disciplines. Below are some of the grants
The Agilent Foundation continued building our partnership with Delaware State University (DSU), hosting with
from the Agilent Foundation that funded such programs around the world:
the Agilent Council of Black Employees a “DSU Day” at our Little Falls site for 34 students from DSU, including
17 that are fully funded by Agilent’s scholarship program. The students were treated to a full day of activities
that included lab tours, panel discussions, and networking opportunities. The day also kicked off the mentorship Delaware Improving academic outcomes and career
$1,500,000
program with DSU by pairing Agilent mentors, who can provide academic and career guidance to the students. State University prospects for underrepresented students
Musana Community Supporting STEM labs at a vocational
$25,000
Development Organization high school in Uganda
St. Vrain Valley
Supporting STEM education for diverse students $25,000
School District
Making STEM activities accessible to students
The Tech Interactive $25,000
from disadvantaged communities
San Jose Public Library Increasing digital literacy and interest in STEM
$25,000
Foundation fields of study among underrepresented youth
NVOLVE Mentoring to support women in STEM $24,700
Providing STEM education and career camp
NatsuGaku $20,000
for teenage girls in Japan
Improving diversity in laboratory training
eCLOSE Institute $20,000
for teachers and students
Junior Achievement Education for underrepresented high school youth
$10,000
of Northern California with particular emphasis on STEM careers
Additionally, Agilent’s support of Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques (IHES), an advanced
mathematics and theoretical physics research institute in Paris, continued to yield positive
results by supporting women researchers, panel discussions on women in STEM, and networking
opportunities for women scientists. The organization also holds a seat on the prestigious
Presidential Council for Science in France.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 28Total Rewards Our Total Rewards package includes Turnover Metrics
comprehensive health care benefits,
retirement programs, and services such as
Our compensation approach is focused on
employee assistance programs, employee 2021 2022 2023 We also track metrics that provide
ensuring all employees are compensated fairly
discounts, and length-of-service awards. insights into the quality of our employee
and have the opportunity to participate in the
Agilent also offers a range of wellness experience, including:
company’s financial success. We support
programs from fitness centers and outdoor
financial well-being through competitive base
athletic facilities to nutritional guidance and 5%
salaries and a range of incentives, including
employee equity-ownership, bonuses, and other mental health resources. Voluntary
7.2% 8.1% 5.2%
variable pay. We apply our approach globally Flexible time off, flexible schedules, Turnover of our global hires are former employees
to all jobs at all locations including hourly telecommuting, and company-sponsored
labor, professional, and management roles. We activities are some of the ways we help 30%
benchmark our pay programs annually using a to demonstrate our commitment to work-
mix of local and global compensation surveys life balance. We have developed a flexible
of new hires come through employee referrals
to ensure we remain competitive. workplace program designed to promote
engaged work sites where employees come
Central to our compensation philosophy is together to innovate and collaborate, while Involuntary 0.9% 1.2% 1.6% 85%
the link between pay and performance. The Turnover
maintaining the flexibility to work remotely as
One Agilent Bonus rewards employees with
variable pay dependent on the achievement needed to attend to personal needs. of individuals who leave Agilent
of corporate performance goals. In addition to We also provide all Agilent employees with would recommend Agilent to a friend
this companywide bonus, we offer individual six days per year of paid volunteer time off,
performance bonuses for outstanding pro-rated for part-time employees, to volunteer
contributions. Eligible employees may for causes that are important to them. Learn
Transition Assistance
participate in the Employee Stock Purchase more about our employee matching gift Total 8.1% 9.2% 6.8%
Plan (ESPP), which allows purchases of and volunteer programs in the Employee Turnover Agilent manages its headcount carefully;
company shares at a discounted rate, providing Engagement section of this report. however, when market conditions and
an opportunity for long-term financial growth. business decisions require that we rebalance
Retention our workforce, we provide assistance to
Our executives are compensated in the same
impacted employees to ease their transition.
manner, with an emphasis on aligning their pay We monitor turnover trends along with other In addition, our Global Talent team helps to Our Workforce Management Program provides
to stockholder interests, short and long-term metrics and are proud that our attrition rates attract and retain top talent by encouraging temporary income replacement in the form
business strategies, and superior earnings- regularly track below market averages. To and enabling internal mobility. An internal job of severance benefits and access to career
per-share growth. A majority of executive ensure we quickly identify trends, we use exit board with all open positions is available to transition services.
compensation is tied to performance-based, employees globally. Thirty-three percent of
interviews to inform our efforts across the
long-term equity awards and annual cash our positions are filled by internal employees
employee lifecycle and will review all relevant
incentives. Our practices also include robust who are looking for opportunities to grow their
data when we see attrition rising to ensure we
stock ownership guidelines, mandatory holding careers at Agilent.
take swift and appropriate action to address
periods for certain awards, and policies
any underlying reasons for the trend.
regarding recoupment, anti-hedging, and
pledging, among others.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 29Talent Development In the past year, each of our employees
completed an average of 31 hours of training.
Our talent development program is critical Our commitment to excellence in training is
to Agilent’s success and important to our exemplified by our partnerships with leading
attraction, retention, and growth of all educational and training institutions. These
employees. Our Global Human Resources collaborations are designed to ensure that
executive team meets regularly with company the rigor of our training programs are relevant
officers and Business HR leaders to validate the and provide our employees with a learning
talent development strategy and gather input experience that is both challenging and
on business learning and development needs, directly applicable to their professional growth.
gaps, and potential solutions. Together with our learning partners, we are
dedicated to fostering a culture of continuous
We prioritize our learning and development
learning and innovation.
investments around critical capabilities and
skills needed for the roles of today and the Learning Management
jobs of tomorrow. The HR team provides
the strategy, resources, and tools for talent
The Learning and Development Governance
development; in turn, Agilent leaders invest in
Board at Agilent makes sure our learning
the development and growth of their teams.
strategy is aligned to Agilent’s business
This drives retention, helps employees achieve
strategy. The Board comprises members from
their ambitions, and enables our company to
major business areas and functions, and meets
deliver results.
regularly to coordinate and collaborate on
Core training programs are required of all management of the program to ensure we’re
employees and leaders. This foundation of applying best practices and pinpointing areas
learning ensures all employees and leaders for improvement and refinement. For example,
have the same baseline knowledge and skills last year we took a variety of steps to make the
to achieve at Agilent. learning management system even more user
friendly and seamless, saving employees time
Our culture of continuous development instills
while optimizing their learning experience.
in our employees the behaviors that bring our
values to life. We encourage our people to stay
abreast of current research and technology,
while enhancing their existing skills. We also
place special emphasis on training managers
at all levels to effectively communicate, mentor,
and reinforce our values and culture.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 30Training and Professional tools employees need to follow their desired Employee engagement at Agilent is key to mentorship program across the company
career path. Our job-specific development creating a positive and fulfilling employee after receiving positive results from an earlier
Development Programs portals include all resources for sales, experience and a work environment that pilot project.
marketing, customer service, finance, and order fosters employee satisfaction, collaboration,
Engaging with Leadership
Agilent employees can take courses on fulfillment and supply chain management. productivity, and retention.
One way we strengthen employees’ connection
topics to excel in their current position or to Employees can access our Educational Engagement surveys are a valuable tool used
to our mission and values is through regular
develop skills for other positions. Many of Assistance Program for financial and other to hear from our constituents and incorporate
conversations with leaders. For example,
our employees have long and varied careers at assistance to pursue external academic their feedback into programming, events,
Agilent’s CEO hosts annual town halls where
Agilent, thanks in part to our comprehensive set classes or degree programs relevant to development opportunities, best practices,
employees can ask questions and share their
of education and training offerings. Programs Agilent’s business needs. They can also take and culture.
thoughts and concerns, providing a platform
are offered in a variety of formats: face-to-face advantage of our partnerships with major
The survey provides valuable insights into for open communication and engagement
classroom experiences, on-the-job learning, universities to enroll in a distance learning
the organization’s strengths and areas that between employees and leadership.
virtual classroom events, and self-paced degree program.
need improvement. It provides functional, Additionally, all leaders hold quarterly
online courses.
When it comes to performance enablement, business, and regional leaders at various levels interactive meetings where they engage with
Our development program begins with we encourage our managers to champion with data on how they compare against the employees in a more informal setting.
onboarding. The onboarding program at Agilent employees’ career development by guiding average within our organization and with other
is designed to provide new employees with a them, exploring options, and driving action as comparable companies.
welcoming and comprehensive introduction they work to achieve their development goals.
Our participation rate was 85%, and 89% of
to our business operations, organization, and We ask managers to have conversations with
participating employees indicated that Agilent
culture. It lays the foundation for a successful their direct reports that facilitate insights
is a Great Place to Work. Additionally, Agilent
and fulfilling career with Agilent. and awareness, explore possibilities and
received an overall positive average score of
Our leadership program is designed to build opportunities, inspire responses that drive 85%, only one point below the 86% average
critical skills in communication, decision-making, employee-owned action, and generate score of the world’s top 25 companies. Agilent’s
and strategic thinking. We provide formal feedback. top strengths include a high level of trust in
learning programs and educational resources Goal setting directly aligns each employee’s management, recognition of honest mistakes
such as business journals, mentoring, coaching, work to the organization’s strategic priorities as a part of doing business, and the ability for
and online forums for sharing best practices. and initiatives. Employees develop and initiate employees to take time off work when needed.
Together, these resources enable our leaders to conversation with their manager around goals,
Each year the CEO shares the survey results
be more effective by developing new behaviors resulting in a greater sense of ownership and
with all employees, and division leaders provide
and approaches, strengthening their current engagement in goal progress and achievement.
additional details to their teams. Managers
capabilities, and directing their future growth.
Managers are also expected to work with their work with their teams to create an action
Through our Developing@Agilent portal, Agilent team members to create development goals plan to continuously improve on the results
provides a comprehensive range of professional and plans, using a consistent approach and throughout the year. At the corporate level,
development and training resources for all holding the view that everyone on their team we review processes, operations, and other
employees—including videos, guided online can reach their full potential. Managers meet systems to see how we can further improve.
activities, and classes—that align with our daily with team members to align on development For example, in early 2024 we launched a
work and Agilent’s expectations, and provide the for their current role and career aspirations.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 31Engaging Through Giving
and Volunteerism
The Agilent Foundation encourages and
honors Agilent employee philanthropic
engagement by matching their contributions
up to $25,000 per year to a wide range of local,
national, and international charities through
the Benevity giving platform. Agilent’s global
matching gift program provides no minimum
donation requirements.
Last year, 2,588 employees supported over
2,981 causes. Annual contributions for the
program totaled $4.3 million, of which the
Agilent Foundation contributed $2.3 million.
Approximately $406,000 of the Foundation’s
contribution includes funds donated through
Team members organized and hosted a Volunteer Fair where employees
our “Dollars for Doers” program, in which discovered local volunteer opportunities. Each organization was hosted by an
employees who volunteer during non-work Agilent worker who volunteers and feels passionate about their cause. Around
hours can earn a credit of $25 per hour 200 people attended the event, in addition to one gigantic black rabbit, two
that they can donate to an eligible cause of fluffy bunnies, and three sweet guinea pigs.
their choice.
All employees are also eligible for six days of
paid volunteer time off per year. Our volunteer
programs encourage employees to get involved
in their communities and make a positive
impact, fostering a sense of engagement
and fulfillment that goes beyond material
compensation and benefits, and offering a
sense of greater purpose.
In 2023, 1,965 employees volunteered 42,134
hours. Among employees volunteering on their
own time, we saw a 55% increase in hours
volunteered and a 44% increase in volunteers
over the previous year. 25 Agilent employees from our Santa Clara headquarters spent a day packing 21 Agilent volunteers drove 172 miles to a rural junior high school in southwest China to inspire students
food for Second Harvest, a nonprofit that serves families in need throughout to pursue their science dreams. About 90% of the 300 students are so-called left-behind children whose
We are proud to share a few examples that
the San Francisco Bay Area. Employees volunteer in large groups for the parents have moved to a city for work, leaving them to live with grandparents or other relatives. Agilent
illustrate the many ways Agilent employees use
organization every six months. It’s a time to give back, bond over a shared employees conducted science experiments, played games and music, and shared career advice with the
our program to give back to the community.
cause, and help those in our community. students to show how much they care.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 32Individual employees also volunteer their time toward causes important They engage their senses to elicit happy but long forgotten memories. Last year, a group of employees across divisions worked together to
to them. Steffen from our facility in Waldbronn, Germany, completed 1.5 For example, they brought a potted plant to an avid gardener, a mossy coordinate donations of lab equipment, including three high-performance
years of training to become certified as a professional clown to bring joy piece of damp wood to someone who loved hiking in the forest, and liquid chromatography (HPLC) systems and associated software, to
to residents of nursing homes. fresh wood shavings to a former carpenter. researchers in Ghana, Nigeria, Tanzania, and Zimbabwe. The group works
together throughout the year to identify systems that may be well suited
He and his clown troupe—they always perform in pairs—go to great When the troupe has completed their visit, the residents—and workers
for donation.
lengths to help the residents feel special, many of whom experience of the nursing home—are livelier and happier than before. Every two
isolation, ailing health, and dementia.They sing traditional songs from weeks, they visit the same residents again to continue spreading The systems are then sent to Seeding Labs, a nonprofit that directs
their era, they dance and play instruments, and connect with jokes kindness and joy. those donations to a network of research institutions in developing
and humor. countries with the greatest needs. Since 2021, we’ve donated 198 items
to 17 university departments in seven developing countries.
The Agilent Foundation also donated $25,000 to Seeding Labs to
build scientific infrastructure in developing countries. It ties into the
Foundation’s mission of supporting STEM education and improving
health and environmental issues in lower-income countries.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 33Diversity and Inclusion The D&I strategy is informed by data with Our employee-network groups ensure we see Level Up is our program to develop inclusive
clearly defined and communicated objectives. and hear firsthand how underrepresented groups leadership skills across the company. It is a
Agilent has three legacy metrics: representation experience the company and what resources curated learning path for leaders that is self-
The Agilent Diversity Office is based within the global
of women in leadership, annual engagement could benefit the community. Agilent has a full driven and easy to incorporate into a busy day.
Human Resources function and reports to the chief survey results, and gender pay equity. We palette of ENGs and also several affinity groups— We piloted the program in early 2023 with more
human resources officer. Diversity and inclusion are recently expanded the dashboard to include organizations in which members are linked by than 2,000 people leaders; the feedback was so
strategic priorities within Agilent’s business plan and hiring, attrition, and promotion. a common interest rather than a demographic. positive that we are extending the program in
These groups are another way we collect the 2024 with additional resources and enhanced
are guided by five pillars: Additionally, Agilent’s diversity and inclusion
“voice of the employee” and foster a sense of communication tools. Level Up teaches
efforts are tied not only to our organization’s
belonging. participants how to develop a growth mindset,
values but also to leadership expectations of
provide inclusive feedback, understand diverse
how we manage people and build connection Globally, we have D&I liaisons from Country
cultures, and more. Participants also receive
and belonging across all dimensions of identity. HR who design and deploy programming that
access to a multidimensional leadership library,
Attract resonates locally. Those efforts are calibrated
D&I Governance and multiple one-page, interactive leadership
with the Diversity Office to ensure alignment to our
briefs to be used with their teams.
enterprise strategy, but they remain rooted in local
Identify and hire diverse talent
In support of the strategic pillars, the Diversity dimensions of identity that are underrepresented
Allyship in Action
Office developed a formal governance model and/or marginalized. The geographic liaisons
to further integrate D&I into all activities meet regularly as a group, and also one-on-one
Retain and provide a structure for feedback from with the Diversity Office to calibrate calendars, The Allyship in Action program, a cohort-based,
interactive learning experience, was piloted in the
and participation by executive leaders and discuss compliance requirements, and explore
U.S. in 2022 and launched globally in 2023. With
Build inclusive teams and support the employee experience employees across the company. opportunities to partner on events and activities.
32 cohorts completing the multi-week program,
The model is comprised of the Executive Training and Accountability leaders across the organization were charged
D&I Council and the Employee Network with growing their networks and expanding their
Every leader is responsible for proactively
Engage Group (ENG) Board to drive alignment to view of the world by doing the following:
representing and developing a diverse pipeline,
the enterprise D&I strategy and to provide a
as well as integrating D&I into their business
platform for sharing best practices, setting
Cultivate a sense of organizational belonging and management practices. The Diversity Office
goals, and collaborating. Learning the skills and behaviors
provides support and a toolkit of resources to
The Executive D&I council comprises leaders. The approach is consistent across our associated with allyship.
Develop 14 executive and senior staff members, global operations, but tactics are customized for
Reflecting on their roles as potential,
as well as two employee-network group each local region.
emerging, or active allies.
representatives. All members are appointed
Introduce inclusive leadership and develop cultural competence Leaders and managers at Agilent must take an
by the CEO and selected to ensure diversity
in-depth course on unconscious bias before they Listening to the experiences and
of thought and perspective that spans all
can undertake any people leader responsibilities. perspectives of others.
businesses, functions, geographies, roles,
Highlight They can also participate in robust D&I learning
and demographics. The council’s mission is Sharing their experiences and perspectives.
paths including Level Up: Inclusive Leadership,
to embed diversity and inclusion across the
Allyship in Action, Emerging Leader Program
Give diverse talent access and visibility to leaders enterprise while modeling inclusive leadership. Applying what they’ve learned.
(with a D&I component), Gender Affirmation, and
Inclusive Language.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 34Leaders were asked to take a pre- and post-assessment for Levels 1 and Measuring Our Progress
2 of the program. The results are below:
The Agilent Diversity Office measures our D&I performance through (1) the number of women in leadership roles; (2) Black, Indigenous, and/or
women of color (BIWOC), (3) pay equity by gender, and (4) the results of our annual all-employee survey. This gives us greater visibility as to the
Level Assessment Average Score
intersection of gender and race/ethnicity, helping us better manage our pipeline development efforts.
Level 1 Pre-Assessment 74%
Global Gender Pay Equity
92%
Level 1 Post-Assessment
(18 percentage point improvement)
Level 2 Pre-Assessment 66% Employee Category 2021 2022 2023
83%
Level 2 Post-Assessment
(17 percentage point improvement) Non-technical 1.0 1.0 1.0
We updated our D&I SharePoint site in 2023 to add a wide range of
tools and resources for all employees. The site has sections dedicated Technical 1.0 1.0 1.0
to resources for leaders and HR. The materials are identity-based and
include topics around cultural competence, allyship, inclusive leadership,
Senior leaders 1.0 1.0 1.0
feedback across difference, as well as many other relevant D&I topics.
In 2024 we will again refresh the site with new tools and resources as
well as add an expanded metrics tab so leaders and employees can easily
Women in Leadership (AVP+)
see our progress against the enterprise metrics. We will also add a tab for
our geography-based D&I efforts.
Employee-Network Groups Employee Category 2021 2022 2023
Our employee-network groups (ENGs) bring together employees who
share a dimension of identity. Run by employees, with direct support Global Women 30% 30% 30%
from CEO staff, the groups serve their members and allies through
career panels, networking events, lectures featuring executives and
BIWOC Leaders (U.S. Only) 9.5% 10.4% 11.4%
special guests, and opportunities for professional development. Last
year, ENGs held a variety of impactful events, including celebrations of
cultural heritage observances, discussions about cultural fluency and
awareness, and approaches to breaking the glass ceiling. Agilent has
seven ENGs: Asian Pacific Islander (API), Veterans (AVETS), Council of
Black Employees (CoBE), Hispanic and Latino employees (La Chispa),
LGBTQ+ employees (Rainbow Spark), Women@Agilent, and Society of
Women Engineers at Agilent.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 352023 Representation: Race/Ethnicity (U.S. Only)
Employee Engagement Survey
Our annual employee survey administered
100%
by the Great Place to Work Institute also
gives us important insights into the employee
experience. Among its many benefits, the 80% 76%
survey provides detailed demographic data, 70%
as well as comparative data for other best-in- 60% 61% 63%
class organizations.
Our employee engagement survey includes
40%
five questions that comprise what we
call our Diversity and Inclusion Index. We
aim for scores of at least 80% on each 20% 16% 15% 19% 18%
question, across all demographics, locations, 4% 7% 5% 10% 7% 9% 7%
businesses, and functions. Our 2022 D&I Index 1% 2% 1% 2% 1% 3% 1% 2% 1%
scores using the Great Place to Work survey
questions were 90% favorable, while our Leadership Managers Non-Managers All U.S. Employees
2021 D&I index scores using Agilent’s internal
leadership survey were 88% favorable. White Asian Hispanic or Latino Two or More Races
Black or African American Other
2023 Global Representation: Gender
100%
80%
67% 69% 67%
60% 62% 59% 61% 60% 62%
40% 38% 41% 39% 40% 38%
33% 31% 33%
20%
Leadership Managers Non-Managers All Employees
Male (U.S.) Male (Global) Female (U.S.) Female (Global)
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 36Supply Chain Policies Agilent’s Standards of Business Conduct Supplier Onboarding, questionnaire, responses are analyzed
clarifies the extension of our values to our and suppliers are assigned a risk level. Risk
suppliers—we will not establish or maintain Assessment and Audits mitigation steps are defined for any supplier
and Practices
a business relationship with a supplier if we identified as high or medium risk and
believe that its practices violate local laws or Agilent is committed to sourcing from may include an on-site audit conducted by
ESG Standards and Compliance for Suppliers basic international principles relating to labor organizations that share our values around a third party partner. Non-conformances
standards, environmental protection, and human rights, ethics, product quality and identified during an audit require a
Agilent collaborates with thousands of suppliers of goods and services
ethical conduct. safety, and environmental responsibility. remediation plan and are re-audited upon
around the world—our relationships with suppliers are of great strategic
importance. We expect our suppliers to act with uncompromising Suppliers must also adhere to our General New suppliers are identified, evaluated, completion of remediation.
integrity and follow all appropriate global and regional laws and Specification for the Environment (GSE), which and selected based on their ability to meet Suppliers are re-evaluated based on the
regulations. We partner with our suppliers to ensure they operate outlines the requirements for purchased pre-defined requirements and provide the above segmentation and regulatory or other
sustainably, responsibly, and transparently in accordance with the same parts, components, materials, and products best overall value to Agilent. During the requirements. In 2023, we assessed over 500
standards we require of ourselves. incorporated into Agilent products. These onboarding process, suppliers are provided suppliers, accounting for a large majority of
requirements represent restrictions imposed on Agilent’s Supplier Code of Conduct, which our spend.
We prize long-term working relationships with our suppliers through Agilent’s end products, which may be different communicates our expectation regarding
mutual performance expectations and measures, performance than those imposed on the individual parts compliance with our requirements. Last year, Agilent piloted a new digital
feedback, and performance improvement plans. platform that simplifies and automates the
and components, and in some cases, exceed Communicating our ESG expectations assessment process to help us manage
Agilent’s Supplier Code of Conduct outlines requirements we expect regulatory requirements. These requirements is just the first step. Once selected, new assessments and mitigation measures
suppliers to follow. Agilent Procurement works with its functional cover environmental requirements related to suppliers exceeding estimated annual spend across a wide base of suppliers. This
partners to ensure all the appropriate laws and regulations are product content, packaging, product labeling thresholds and/or belonging to certain enhances our agility and enables us to
encapsulated within the Code of Conduct, which is reviewed and and marketing, and chemical registration, industry sectors are invited to access our meet rapidly changing regulations globally.
updated annually. Suppliers must be able to comply with our policies among others, as well as content and supplier portal and complete an assessment In addition to assessments, we conduct
and standards outlined in the Code, including those related to: substance restrictions. questionnaire regarding the supplier’s Supplier Relationship Management (SRM)
We continually monitor and evaluate the financial performance, legal and regulatory reviews with our strategic suppliers. SRM
Quality status of various ESG issues and impacts compliance, and sustainability practices. reviews are designed to evaluate KPIs,
around the world that may be relevant to our Responses are evaluated to ensure suppliers enhance innovation and collaboration, and
Regulatory business, assessing potential changes to risks can meet our requirements and align with promote discussion of other relevant topics
in our supply chain and new or enhanced laws our values. that strengthen the relationship.
Environment and Sustainability and regulations. This information is used to Using a risk-based approach, Agilent
ensure our supplier requirements are current, conducts an annual Supplier Compliance
Health and Safety appropriate actions to detect and mitigate risks Assessment to ensure suppliers are meeting
are being taken, and our employee training is the requirements and expectations outlined in
Human Rights and Employment Practices updated accordingly. our Supplier Code of Conduct. Suppliers are
More details about our supplier requirements identified based on criteria including strategic
Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery can be found on the supplier section of importance to Agilent, spend, industry sector,
Agilent.com. Additionally, read more about country, and other relevant criteria. After
Supply Chain Security how we protect the environment through our suppliers complete a compliance assessment
supply chain.
Privacy and IT Security
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 37Employee Training on Supplier Diversity accomplish this by continuing to educate rights policy, procedures, or practices that
our procurement teams on supplier diversity, align or exceed the United Nations Universal
Procurement Topics and by presenting business partners with Declaration of Human Rights, International
opportunities to consider new diverse suppliers Labour Organization Convention, with policies
In addition to Agilent’s existing Small
or increase the scope of services with existing and procedures covering all country-specific
Business Program, our Supplier Diversity
All Agilent employees are required Program aims to increase procurement of diverse suppliers. modern slavery acts in which they operate.
to participate in annual Standards of goods and services from diverse suppliers. Our Supplier Code of Conduct requires our
Human Rights and
Business Conduct training, which To accomplish this, we have developed a suppliers to support and promote fundamental
outlines expectations for dealing three-year plan: Labor Protections human rights and worker protections. Our
with customers and suppliers and
supplier compliance assessments include
conduct in the workplace. Procurement • Actively seeking out certified diverse
questions on human rights and employment
suppliers that can provide competitive, Agilent’s core values and culture reflect a
professionals are also required to
high-quality goods and services. commitment to ethical business practices practices, with responses to these questions
take Supplier Code of Conduct training
factored into assigning of risk levels and
and good corporate citizenship wherever
annually. Other courses are reviewed and • Ensuring the inclusion of diverse
determining need for further actions such as
rolled out for Procurement professionals suppliers as part of our strategic we operate in the world. This includes a
an onsite audit.
sourcing and procurement process. commitment to ensuring there is no modern
as required:
day slavery or human trafficking in our supply There are new laws regarding eliminating
• Communicating the value of supplier
• Protecting Trade Secrets diversity to internal stakeholders. chains or in any part of our businesses. slavery and forced labor in our supply chains
each year. We continually monitor these
• Financial Fraud Prevention As a company, we acknowledge and respect
• Training our Procurement professionals.
laws and update our requirements to match.
the fundamental principles contained in the
• Social Networking-Engage Responsibility Additional evaluations are being added to make
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and our
sure we meet the requirements.
• Eliminating Forced Labor, Slavery, Our Procurement teams continue to create policies and practices reflect our commitment
and Human Trafficking from the Global broader internal awareness of supplier diversity to promote human rights within the company’s Agilent expects suppliers to provide conflict-
Supply Chain
and its benefits. Each year we promote supplier sphere of influence. We are committed to free materials that have not originated in
• Understanding the Foreign Corrupt diversity by engaging with functional VPs and sourcing components and materials from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or
Practices Act their staff, meeting with employee networking organizations that share our values, and do not adjoining countries. We expect suppliers to
groups, conducting “think tank” sessions knowingly conduct business with any individual adopt policies and management systems with
• Global Corruption and Bribery-What
You Need to Know with our procurement teams, and including or company that participates in the exploitation respect to conflict minerals to ensure conflict-
enterprise communications in Agilent’s of children, physical punishment, forced labor, free supply chains. Agilent supports the goal
• Sustainability
employee newsletter. or human trafficking. of ending violence, human rights violations,
and environmental devastation in the covered
Agilent’s 2023 spend with certified U.S. diverse Agilent sources components and assemblies
In addition to internally developed training, suppliers was $85.5 million which represents for our products from suppliers around the countries and is committed to complying with
Procurement professionals participate in 6.4% of Agilent’s U.S. spend. Fifty-seven percent world, each with its own laws and regulations. all applicable requirements under the U.S.
advisory council webinars, roundtables, of U.S. request for proposals included one or We expect our suppliers to comply with all Dodd-Frank Act Conflict Minerals Rule.
and panel discussions enhancing their more diverse suppliers. Building on our 2022 applicable labor laws, rules, and regulations, More information about our supplier human
knowledge both internally and with external pilot, we successfully launched Tier 2 diverse including but not limited to all laws forbidding rights requirements and Conflict Minerals
industry groups. spend reporting in 2023 with 7 suppliers. the solicitation, facilitation, or any other use policy can be found on our website.
of slavery, child labor, or human trafficking.
In 2024, we will continue to focus on growing
Suppliers are expected to have a human
spend with diverse suppliers. We will
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 38are also conducted at customer sites where and R&D sites are ISO 14001:2015 certified with
Occupational
Agilent employees may travel for installation, chemical management being a principal element
calibration, or service of Agilent’s laboratory in the ISO 14001 requirements. Initiatives on
Health and Safety
analytical equipment. sustainability include chemical management
areas and are an integral part of Agilent’s
New employee orientation and training
As part of our mission to advance the quality continual improvement efforts.
includes instruction to report hazards and
of life, protecting the health and safety of
circumstances they consider potentially unsafe. Our research and development, manufacturing,
our employees, contractors, customers, and
Employees are instructed to refuse work or and distribution operations involve the use of
communities is a top priority. Agilent’s EHS
remove themselves from work environments hazardous substances and are regulated under
policy outlines a fundamental corporate
that they perceive to be unsafe and report international, federal, state, and local laws
commitment to providing healthy and safe
their concerns and the circumstances to governing health and safety and the environment.
work environments and processes that enable
their manager who then initiates appropriate We apply strict standards for protection of
our people to work injury and illness free while
corrective and preventative action (CAPA) and the environment and occupational health and
operating in an environmentally responsible
involves EHS, as necessary. safety to sites inside and outside the U.S., even
manner. We ensure managers and employees
if not subject to regulation imposed by foreign
are trained and accountable for preventing CAPAs are also developed based on an
governments.
work-related injuries and provide wellness evaluation of results from risk assessments,
programs that contribute to the productivity, inspections, program reviews, and accident Ergonomics
health, and well-being of employees. investigations. Internal and external EHS Office ergonomics and manual material handling
audits along with periodic management
OHS Management System represent a significant exposure area. Concerted
reviews supplement the ongoing continuous
efforts have been and continue to be made to
The EHSMS is aligned to ISO 45001, with improvement processes. Data developed provide optimal office ergonomics equipment
our site in Beijing having external certification. from EHS training and CAPAs are monitored and configurations, including work from home.
Occupational health and safety (OHS) quarterly and reviewed with executive Training and assessments are required for
documents are used by Agilent personnel management semi-annually. computer use of more than two hours per day.
and contractors responsible for implementing Safety Emphasis Areas Assessments are also required for manual
appropriate programs at all organizational material handling tasks and training is provided
levels, including global, business, region, Chemical Management for personnel with those exposures. A Certified
country, geography, and site. Operations pursue improvements to reduce Professional Ergonomist oversees our ergonomic
All Agilent sites are required to comply with chemical usage and provide engineering program development, with sites tailoring specific
regulations and Agilent’s EHS standards and and administrative controls to minimize the elements to best fit their exposures.
are subject to regular internal audits and risks and impacts associated with chemical
program assessments. Agilent’s staff of usage. Effective processes, controls, and
EHS professionals conduct and oversee risk documentation are in place. Professional EHS
assessments of operations, including all new staff formally review new chemical use and
or changed operations and exposures, to complete exposure assessments. Regular
identify hazards and determine appropriate training is conducted for affected personnel.
controls in accordance with regulations and Action Levels are set at 50% of regulatory
industry best practices. Hazard assessments exposure limits. Agilent’s main manufacturing
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 39Safety Culture EHS processes. All employees and directly Metrics: OHS
supervised non-Agilent workers receive safety
A significant factor in Agilent’s safety Work-related incidents are investigated
indoctrination as part of the onboarding
performance is the organizational culture that by managers and EHS staff to identify
process. Periodic communications and
places a high level of importance on safety. causes. Correctives are developed using the
exposure-specific safety and health training
This culture has grown over years of building hierarchy of controls and Agilent’s guidance
and refresher training are provided depending
our safety processes as part of continuous document for incident reporting, investigation,
on job roles/exposures. Personnel understand
improvement. The focus on safety is reflected and corrective actions, and are tracked to
the importance of and expectations for safety
in the planning, design, and implementation of closure. Even though work-related injuries
in all operations, which is an integral part of the
safe work methods, facilities, and equipment. of low consequence edged up slightly due
organization’s culture.
Employees are actively engaged in improving to employees returning to the office, we
our processes. OHS Programs continued to perform better than the industry
benchmark of 1.0 with a rate of 0.31.
All employees receive a safety orientation when Agilent offers numerous programs and
hired. Managers and EHS staff complete a educational opportunities aimed at managing
Training Needs Assessment for their teams and the health, safety, and well-being of employees,
Injuries and
are responsible for employee EHS training. their families, and community members. 2021 2022 2023
Fatalities
The Agilent Human Resources and Benefits
EHS training is typically provided through
organizations provide comprehensive health
classroom instruction, online courses, written
care plans and other benefits to employee
procedures, and on-the-job training. A suite of Number of
and family members that assist in managing
online exposure-specific safety training courses recordable 65 47 77
their personal, medical, and other health and
such as Hazard Communication and Chemical work-related injuries
wellness needs. These plans include counseling
Safety, Safe Lifting, PPE, and Managers’ EHS
services and risk-based health coaching.
Responsibilities is maintained in our Learning
Management System. Some of the occupational health services Rate of recordable
0.27 0.18 0.31
Health and Safety committees are an integral and activities provided by the EHS team, or in work-related injuries
partnership with the HR team, include injury
part of EHS processes at our sites and help
prevention education, ergonomic “playbook”
drive continuous improvement in support of our
ISO certifications and EHSMS. Approximately resource for home workstation assessments, Number of
75% of the total workforce is represented in care for work-related injuries and illnesses, high-consequence 0 0 0
formal joint management-worker health and hearing conservation program, respiratory work-related injuries
protection program, wellness activities, and site
safety committees.
fitness centers.
As required on a country level, health and safety Rate of
topics are included for discussion with local high-consequence 0 0 0
worker councils or trade unions. work-related injuries
Workers are encouraged to provide ideas and
suggestions for further improvement in our
Number of fatalities 0 0 0
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 40SECTION 05
Corporate
Governance
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 41Corporate Governance Board Committees
Our Board met twelve times in 2023 and held separate meetings for its three
Agilent’s Board of Directors is committed to sound and effective governance practices that promote long-term stockholder
standing committees, which include:
value and strengthen board and management accountability to our shareholders, customers, and other stakeholders.
Governance practices
The Audit and Finance Committee is responsible for the quality and
integrity of our financial reporting, effectiveness of our system of
internal controls over financial reporting, and compliance with legal and
Annual Board self-assessment process, including
Ten of our eleven directors are independent regulatory requirements, including our Standards of Business Conduct.
peer evaluations
In 2023, the committee met thirteen times.
Majority voting and director resignation policy
Independent standing Board committees
in uncontested director elections
Continued assessment of highly qualified, diverse, and
Strong independent Chairperson The Compensation Committee is responsible for evaluating and
independent candidates for nomination to the Board
approving executive compensation, monitoring and approving our
employee benefit offerings, and overseeing the administration of
Regular meetings of our independent directors Strong focus on pay-for-performance incentive compensation, variable play, and stock programs.
without management present
Diverse Board with an effective mix of skills,
Proactive stockholder engagement
experience, and perspectives
The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee is responsible
Three new independent directors added during Policies prohibiting hedging, short selling, and for providing recommendations on Board composition, selecting
the past five years pledging of our common stock and evaluating Board members, overseeing the evaluation of Board
members and making recommendations to improve the Board’s
effectiveness, reviewing the impacts of ESG issues, and overseeing our
Varied lengths of Board tenure with an average Stock ownership guidelines for executive officers
ESG programs and their alignment with our corporate strategy.
tenure of nine years and directors
Robust enterprise risk management approach, overseen
Proxy access for our stockholders
by the Board through its Audit and Finance Committee
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 42Board Composition
Category Anand Bishop Brawley Dolsten Koh Kunz McMullen* Podolsky Rataj Scangos Wilson
Our Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee considers a number
of factors when evaluating director candidates. Minimum requirements
include integrity, experience, judgment, independence, and ability to International
commit sufficient time and attention to Board activities. In addition, the
Committee considers whether a candidate’s skills are complementary
to the existing Board members’ skills. It also considers the diversity of
Life
the Board related to factors such as age, race, gender, national origins,
Sciences/
experience in technology, manufacturing, finance and marketing,
Healthcare
international experience, and culture, as well as the Board’s needs for
specific operational, management, or other expertise.
Technology/
The members of our Board have a diversity of experience and a wide
Innovation
variety of backgrounds, skills, qualifications, and viewpoints that
Strategy
strengthen their ability to carry out their oversight role. We regularly review
the attributes required of Board members to better facilitate our long-term
goals and operational performance, enhance our corporate culture, and
promote diversity and inclusion. M&A
We are also mindful of refreshing the Board to ensure it is balanced with
newer and more tenured directors. We welcomed a new Board member,
Otis Brawley, M.D. in November 2021, shortly following the onboarding of Public
another new member, Mikael Dolsten, M.D., Ph.D. in September 2021. Company
We annually evaluate the performance of the Board and its committees. Executive
The Board believes it is important to assess both its overall performance
and the performance of its committees and to solicit and act upon
Accounting/
feedback received, where appropriate. As part of the Board’s self-
assessment process, directors consider assorted topics related to Board Finance
composition, structure, effectiveness, and responsibilities, as well as the
overall mix of director skills, experience, and backgrounds. From time to
time, these evaluations are conducted by an independent third party to Branding/
refresh the process.
Marketing
The following matrix illustrates the knowledge, skills, experience, and
other diverse characteristics of the directors that serve on our Board.
Regulatory
*Mike McMullen retired as Agilent’s president and CEO on May 1, 2024.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 432023 Board Diversity
Gender Age Board Racial/Ethnic
Diversity Diversity Tenure Diversity
4
Male <60 years ≤5 years Caucasian
Female 60–70 years 6–10 years Asian/Pacific Islander
>70 years 11–15 years African American
8 7 16–20 years
>20 years 8
4
2
1
2
3 1
2
1 1
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 44Enterprise Risk and overall business every year and works steps management has taken to monitor
with management to evaluate potential and control such exposures. In addition, the
Management opportunities and risks and assess our Committee oversees our annual enterprise
progress in meeting various strategic goals. risk management assessment, reviewing
The Agilent Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) The Board has the ultimate responsibility for, the risks facing the company, including any
program provides a framework for identifying and is actively engaged in, oversight of our new or emerging risks that may have risen in
material risks across the company, determining risk management, both directly and through prominence during the previous year.
ownership of the risks, and supporting the its committees. The full Board is kept abreast The Compensation Committee oversees risks
creation and maintenance of business of risk oversight and other activities of its associated with our compensation policies and
continuity plans. It ensures the adequacy of committees through reports of the committee practices regarding executive compensation
plans across key business flows, including chairpersons to the full Board during Board and compensation generally. The
appropriate testing/drills and the availability meetings. Senior management may also Compensation Committee receives reports and
of a central repository for documentation. If provide risk assessment reports directly to the discusses whether our compensation policies
an incident occurs that results in a partial/ Board on certain issues. and practices create risks that are reasonably
full implementation of a business continuity likely to have a material adverse effect on the
plan, the program reviews the key learnings company. The Compensation Committee also
The Audit and Finance Committee has
and the effectiveness of the plan and ensures oversees risks relating to organization talent
primary responsibility for overseeing our
appropriate actions are taken. and culture and human capital management,
enterprise risk management program,
including diversity and inclusion programs and
Risk Oversight which encompasses, among others:
initiatives.
• The primary risks facing the The Nominating/Corporate Governance
The ERM program is managed by our Vice company and associated risk
Committee oversees the management of
President of Workplace Services who reports mitigation measures
risks related to corporate governance matters,
directly to our CEO on our progress. Oversight
• Compliance and regulatory including director independence, Board
is provided by the Executive Risk Committee,
composition and succession and overall Board
comprised of the CEO staff, which meets twice • Information technology and
per year to review progress, evaluate present cybersecurity effectiveness, as well as risks and opportunities
associated with ESG matters.
and emerging risks, and validate that the • Environmental and sustainability,
program has identified the correct principal risk including climate change More information on ESG Governance can be
area to focus on. found in the ESG Approach section.
• Business continuity
Our Board engages with management on
• Key site and public health risks
our strategy, strategic planning process, and
business-related priorities as we navigate
an evolving industry environment, consider The Audit and Finance Committee receives
industry trends, our competitive position, updates from our Vice President of WPS and
technological developments, and stakeholder- discusses individual and overall risk areas
related developments relevant to our business. during its meetings, including our financial
The Board conducts a comprehensive risk assessments, risk management policies,
review of the Company’s strategic plans and major financial risk exposures and the
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 45Climate Risk
In fiscal year 2021, we announced our Furthermore, climate change was identified as
commitment to achieve net-zero greenhouse a key risk in FY 2022 and incorporated into our
gas emissions no later than 2050. To achieve ERM. This includes failure to meet stakeholder
these goals, we have also committed to interim expectations. The impacts of climate change
greenhouse gas reduction targets. By 2030, are also reflected through other risks that we
we aim to reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 monitor within the program and for which we
emissions by 50% and scope 3 emissions by at maintain business continuity plans such as loss
least 30% (with a stretch goal of 40%) from a of key sites and supply chain disruptions.
base year of 2019.
As part of our ISO 14001 program, a
comprehensive Global Environmental Risk
In addition, we plan to continue to
Register is maintained and reviewed at least
invest in renewable energy and focus on
annually by senior management. The risk
three areas where our carbon footprint
register review process includes an in-depth
is greatest:
consideration of potential internal and external
environmental aspects and impacts. Potential
• Purchased goods and services
risks are evaluated on their inherent impacts,
• Sold products and the overall effectiveness of Agilent’s
• Transportation and distribution mitigating actions. Any significant residual
risk is prioritized, and mitigation is actioned
as part of Agilent’s strategic environmental
As part of our climate action plan, we have
governance. For more information, please see
established near and long-term emission
our TCFD Index.
reduction targets to limit planetary warming
to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels which
have been approved by the Science Based
Targets initiative (SBTi). To provide investors
with meaningful sustainability information, we
also announced that we are adopting the Task
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(TCFD) recommendations for disclosing
climate-related risks, alongside our reporting
in accordance with SASB and GRI.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 46Product Quality Our QMS encompasses all aspects of our Regularly scheduled Quality Management
business, including design and development, Reviews ensure that all quality-related
and Safety manufacturing, distribution, marketing, service, requirements, including the defined quality
and support. This system is regularly monitored objectives, are being met. Identified deficiencies
and updated to ensure it remains adequate, are corrected and monitored to ensure that
We maintain policies, procedures,
effective, and fully aligned with our company the One Agilent Quality Management System
processes, and systems that ensure
policy. By following and adhering to our QMS, across the business continues to be effective
consistent quality of our products,
we aim to consistently exceed customer in meeting Agilent’s stated Quality Policy and
the protection of the health and expectations, minimize risks associated with customer requirements. Quality Management
safety of customers and patients, and our products and processes, and enhance Reviews happen at all relevant levels of the
operational efficiency. We expect the same organization, including regular Executive Quality
compliance with applicable standards
from our suppliers, partners, and contractors Management Review (EQMR) with Agilent’s
and regulations where our products
that support our businesses. CEO and the Executive Leadership Team.
are marketed.
We maintain external quality certifications,
as relevant and required by jurisdiction.
Agilent’s Quality Policy
Our enterprise-level ISO 9001 certification
covers all our products and services across
Agilent is committed to providing high
our sites globally, apart from two locations
quality products and services that deliver
that maintain site- and product-level ISO
trusted answers through an unwavering
9001 certification. Locations that sell and
focus on patient safety, fulfilling customer
expectations, ensuring regulatory manufacture medical devices also maintain
compliance, and fostering a culture of ISO 13485 certification. Additional details
continuous improvement. on Agilent’s IVDR transition journey and
respective certifications are detailed below.
Other quality-related certifications we maintain
include ISO/IEC 17025-1 for testing and
Quality Management
calibration laboratories, ISO 17034 for the
production of reference materials, ISO 14001
Agilent’s Quality Policy sets the foundation for environmental management systems, ISO
of our Quality Management System (QMS), 27001 for information security management
which is designed to fulfill our unwavering systems, and Cyber Essentials certification for
commitment to providing safe and high-quality protections against cyber threats. Copies of all
products and services for our customers relevant certifications are publicly available on
and patients. Dedication to quality and safety Agilent’s website.
management is a vital component of our
The Global Quality and Regulatory Affairs team
mission to provide innovative solutions that
ensures that Agilent’s overall quality objectives
contribute to the advancement of science
are met, and the company Quality Policy,
and healthcare.
Quality Manual, and QMS are regularly reviewed
and maintained.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 47Product Safety To ensure compliance to health authorities Post-market surveillance for monitoring
globally, we adhere to the following product performance allows us to:
vigilance regulations, among others:
The Vigilance (Product Safety) group sits under the Office of the Chief • Detect and evaluate problems early.
Medical Officer (OCMO) where the voice of the patient is integrated into • IVDR EU 2017/746 European Union
• Address problems that may emerge
Agilent’s innovative solutions to advance the quality of life. Safety and In-vitro Medical Device Regulation
during actual use.
Vigilance are also integrated into our Quality Policy. Our QMS complies
• FDA 21 CFR Part 803 U.S. Federal Code
with the U.S. FDA Quality System Regulation, and similar regulations in of Regulations Medical Device Reporting • Monitor known risks.
other jurisdictions that are intended to ensure medical devices are safe
• Minimize patient risks.
and effective for use in clinical settings. Our products used for testing • FDA 21 CFR Part 812 U.S. Federal Code
of Regulation Investigational Device
and diagnostics are critical to patient health outcomes, ensuring patients
Exemptions This is accomplished in large part by
receive an accurate and timely diagnosis and appropriate treatment.
• ISO 14971 Application of Risk maintaining procedures for receiving, reviewing,
The Head of Vigilance is responsible for setting the strategy, leading Management to Medical Devices and investigating complaints in a timely and
our Vigilance organization, and ensuring our vigilance function is uniform manner, and reporting any potential
• ISO 13485 Medical Device Quality
robust, well-connected to our businesses, and focused on the safety issues to regulatory authorities as necessary.
Management System
of patients and users of our instruments. Serving as a key member of Trending of complaints allows Agilent to
the OCMO’s executive leadership team, the Head of Vigilance also plays identify issues early, thereby helping to keep
a key governance role as part of Agilent’s Safety Board and Risk Product complaints are reviewed with patient customers and patients safe.
Governance Board. and user safety in mind. The Vigilance team
investigates cases with potential safety Agilent’s Field Service and Sales organizations
implications to get to the root cause and have established feedback channels to identify
The Vigilance organization collaborates with clinical, medical, will report to Health Authorities all serious and address any of our customers’ product or
quality, and regulatory counterparts and others across the business adverse events (SAE) and malfunctions that service needs. All service personnel must be
to provide input and oversight for all safety issues, including could cause SAEs. These reports are available trained in identifying product complaints and
review of medical device reporting and any other vigilance issues. on the U.S. FDA Manufacturer and User Facility potential safety issues and the corresponding
In addition, the Vigilance team is responsible for: Device Experience (MAUDE) database and procedural documents.
• Developing programs and processes aligned with regulatory will also be publicly available on the European For any complaints and reports of potential
requirements in collaboration with other internal functions. Database on Medical Devices (EUDAMED) at adverse incidents received, the Complaints
the end of 2024. Management Team and the Vigilance
• Aggregating and interpreting reporting and signal detection, and
maintaining and updating risk-benefit profiles. We are committed to continuous improvement Team work in close collaboration with Field
of our products and processes. With the Service Engineers, product support, R&D,
• Ensuring high quality case processing consistent with quality
Quality organization, the Vigilance organization and manufacturing organizations to ensure
performance metrics.
maintains a post-market surveillance and complaints are thoroughly investigated,
• Participating in audits with Health Authorities and Notified Bodies. vigilance system to analyze, evaluate, monitor, and addressed in compliance with national,
and control the risk of adverse events and regional, and global regulations, company
Agilent takes patient safety seriously and the OCMO group increases malfunctions that could lead to adverse policies, and business objectives.
the profile of the patient impact as Agilent moves further into healthcare. events related to our products, and study
We create proactive risk assessments with medical overview in feedback from our customers about product
diagnostic products. performance.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 48Transition to Ethics and Compliance
EU IVD Regulation
Among Agilent’s core values are uncompromising integrity, accountability, and trust. These Written Policies, Procedures,
values form the basis of our commitment to compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and Standards of Conduct
The EU’s In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (IVDR) (EU) 2017/746 is a new,
and the standards and policies outlined in our Standards of Business Conduct (SBC).
harmonized regulatory framework established to ensure the present We maintain the Agilent SBC and other
and future safety and performance of in vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical policies and procedures related to ethical and
devices in the EU. It replaces the previous IVD Directive (IVDD) 78/79/ compliant conduct that apply to all employees,
EC, under which many Agilent products have been CE-IVD marked, We utilize the standard seven fundamental elements contractors, agents, and business partners.
certifying compliance. Given the timelines and complexities of developing of an effective compliance program, including: These include, among others, Agilent’s Global
IVD medical devices and receiving regulatory approval, the European Anti-Corruption Policy and Human Rights and
Commission adopted a progressive rollout of the Regulation, establishing Labor Policy.
new transitional periods according to device risk classes.
Written policies, procedures, and standards of conduct Designation of a Compliance
At Agilent, we are fully committed to compliance with regulatory Officer and Committees
requirements. We also recognized that this new IVDR framework would
not only affect us as a manufacturer of in vitro diagnostics, but it would Agilent’s compliance program is overseen
have significant impact on our customers who use our portfolio of Designation of a compliance officer and committees by the Chief Compliance Officer with input
products in their diagnostic laboratories. Our multi-disciplinary team with from executive management through the
deep experience in European regulatory requirements for IVDs came Compliance Committee. The program is
together to make this a seamless transition for our customers as we operated and monitored by experienced
endeavored to fulfill IVDR requirements within the established timelines. Training and education regional and functional compliance
professionals. The Chief Compliance Officer
In June 2022, we announced that our IVDR Class A instruments, kits,
reports to the Audit and Finance Committee
and reagents were released in compliance with the new Regulation. This
of the Board of Directors, which is responsible
ensured that EU laboratories reliant on Agilent IVD products for their
for oversight of compliance with legal and
Clear and effective internal communication
diagnostic workflows were able to continue to use these products without
regulatory requirements, including our SBC.
disruption. In December 2023, Agilent received certificates demonstrating
EU IVDR Quality Management System compliance for all applicable sites Agilent managers are responsible for actively
and EU IVDR conformity for representative devices. This was a significant promoting awareness of and enforcing
milestone in Agilent’s journey to achieve complete IVDR compliance for Conducting internal monitoring and auditing compliance with our SBC and related policies
the entirety of its in vitro diagnostic portfolio. With these certificates among their teams and must not actively or
in hand, Agilent is working diligently to meet IVDR requirements and passively authorize or ignore unethical or non-
timelines for its remaining Class B and Class C products. Agilent’s IVDR compliant activities in their organization.
Enforcement of policies, procedures, and standards
certificates are also available on Agilent’s website.
Detection of and prompt response to prohibited behavior
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 49Training and Education the law, the SBC, or other policies to their On a routine basis, Agilent conducts internal ethical standards can lead to disciplinary action
supervisor, Human Resources contact, the audits, risk assessments, and targeted up to and including termination of employment
Our SBC helps to protect our reputation as an
Global Compliance team, or through Agilent’s monitoring activities to identify potential or contract.
ethical corporate citizen. Agilent expects every
Compliance Helpline, available 24 hours a day, issues, control gaps, and seek opportunities
employee, contractor, agent, and representative Detection of and Prompt Response to
seven days a week. for improvements to policies, procedures, and
to become familiar with and comply with our Prohibited Behavior
processes. Internal Audit regularly assesses
SBC and other related policies. Agilent’s hotline provides an avenue for
the effectiveness of our compliance program
employees and members of the public to
Agilent provides comprehensive training through routine and targeted audits of business We implement a robust set of controls
report suspected violations confidentially
(online and live) on its SBC and training to functions and/or sales affiliates using a risk- from the top down, starting with the
and anonymously, where permitted by law.
relevant audiences on healthcare compliance, based audit plan. Every year, Internal Audit Board of Directors, Audit Committee, and
Employees and others can raise questions
anti-corruption, privacy, and related subjects. selects a priority list of business divisions, senior management overseeing Agilent’s
or concerns by calling the toll-free number
Agilent requires its employees, agents, and operations, and countries in which we operate compliance framework. Agilent has three
or visiting the Helpline website. Reports can
representatives in all countries to participate to assess compliance with controls, policies, lines of defense against unethical
be made in over 100 languages. Additionally,
in training sessions and periodically certify and procedures and re-testing to ensure business practices:
questions or concerns related to accounting,
compliance with our SBC and related policies. compliance standards are satisfied.
internal controls, or auditing matters can • Internal controls
Annually, employees above certain levels are
be raised directly to the Audit and Finance Each year between July and September,
required to complete Ethics and Anti-Bribery • Functional experts, including legal and
Committee of the Board of Directors. Internal Audit conducts a risk assessment
and Anti-Corruption trainings and acknowledge compliance support
process that results in the plan for operations
they have read and reviewed the SBC. We have procedures to manage reports
audits to be performed in the following fiscal • Internal audit and external auditors and
to ensure consistent investigation and regulators.
Clear and Effective Internal year. The process involves meeting with senior
response across incident types and reporting
Communication management, including most of the CEO and
channels. The information reported is handled
CFO staff and select vice presidents, for the Agilent maintains a system of internal
We strive to implement clear, easy, and confidentially within the small group necessary
purposes of (1) identifying key areas of risk accounting controls reasonably designed to
actionable compliance guidance. We to conduct a review of the allegation. Serious
across our businesses and (2) determining the detect and prevent unethical conduct. When
communicate our ethical policies through violations are reviewed by senior management.
operational audit theme prior to each applicable issues are identified in continuous auditing,
various channels, including posting our SBC
Agilent adheres to a zero tolerance non- audit period. In November, this audit plan is they are addressed promptly according to
and other ethics and compliance policies on
retaliation policy. We want individuals filing a formally approved by the Audit and Finance pre-defined policies.
our website and internal Agilent web portals
report to feel safe when bringing their concerns Committee.
for employees and suppliers. Communication
to the organization. Therefore, we do not
about our ethical standards is part of the Enforcement of Policies, Procedures,
tolerate retaliation against any person
onboarding process for employees, suppliers, and Standards
making a report or involved in an investigation
and other business partners. We updated our
and allow for reports to be made without Agilent has implemented processes for
SBC in 2022 with our updated values, which
providing a name and contact information, addressing compliance violations. All reported
include Speaking Up.
preserving anonymity. compliance concerns are investigated
Agilent has an open-door policy that allows Internal Monitoring and Auditing objectively, fairly, and promptly. Where
employees to report their concerns to any appropriate, corrective action plans are
level of management. Employees are trained The Chief Compliance Officer reports to the implemented to remediate or improve existing
and expected to raise questions or concerns Audit and Finance Committee on a regular policies, procedures, and processes. Failure
about conduct that may be inconsistent with basis regarding the effectiveness of our global to comply with Agilent policies, procedures, and
compliance program.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 50Privacy and Security
Data Protection and Privacy
We are committed to acting in accord with our values, particularly those To further embed privacy into our business, we operate a global Data
of Uncompromising Integrity and Accountability, in handling the personal Subject Access Request (DSAR) intake and response process to ensure
data of customers, employees, and partners, and being a responsible data we provide timely responses to all individual data privacy rights requests.
steward in this digital and global business environment, as outlined in In addition, Agilent has a comprehensive Data Protection Impact
Agilent’s Privacy Statement. Assessment (DPIA) process to systematically assess and evaluate risk
Through our Data Protection and Privacy Program, we actively monitor for new and changed uses of personal data.
and adapt our program to the emerging privacy and security regulations Agilent’s Data Protection and Privacy Program governance strategy
around the globe and the unparalleled shift to digital interactions. Agilent includes a Data Privacy Board with Senior Management across the
continues to build upon our comprehensive principles-based data entire business, complemented by dedicated Privacy Champions in
protection and privacy program, emphasizing the provision of appropriate each function, responsible for acting as the voice of privacy in their
privacy notices, acting with transparency and in accordance with our functional area, as well as appointing Data Protection Officers where
notices. We are also embedding data protection and privacy-by-design required around the globe. We will continue to leverage and expand
into both our products and business operations. We do so while adapting our program’s processes and governance strategy to address newly
our approaches to cater to remote workforces, online collaboration, and emerging privacy regulations.
increased digital interactions with our customers. We continue to develop
and deliver new data protection and privacy content, communications,
and training to engage Agilent’s global employee base and support our
commitments to protect the data entrusted to us.
With a global presence, workforce, and comprehensive product and
solution portfolio, Agilent takes an integrated approach to deploying
privacy and security standards and controls to address legal and
regulatory requirements we are subject to, including:
Brazil’s Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais EU General Data Protection Regulation
California’s Consumer Privacy Act U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
China’s Personal Information Protection Law and Data Security Law
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 51Cybersecurity—Risk Oversight Information Officer, provide periodic updates to the Audit and
Finance Committee regarding our cybersecurity program, including
and Approach information about cyber risk management governance and status
updates on various projects intended to enhance the overall cybersecurity
Security is a companywide priority at Agilent, and we continuously invest posture of the company.
in our people, processes, and tools to strengthen our security posture to
protect Agilent’s, our employees’, and our customers’ data. Our overall security approach focuses on five key areas:
Our security program is based on industry standards, including ISO 27002 • Identify: Identify systems, data, data flows, and
Code of Practice, NIST, and the COBIT 5 framework. We also maintain regulatory requirements and determine appropriate risk
ISO 27001 certification for our Data Center Activities and Systems management approach
Infrastructure Operations. Our ISO 27001 and Cyber Essentials assurance
• Protect: Implement measures to protect the environment
certificates are available on our website.
• Detect: Monitor the environment and alert appropriately
Our policies, standards, and operating procedures provide a
comprehensive approach to maintain the confidentiality, security, • Respond: Processes and people in place to address
issues and incidents
integrity, and availability of the data and systems in our environment.
These procedures include organizational requirements of acceptable use • Recover: Plans and systems to recover from events
and apply to Agilent employees and non-employees. The requirements
are also applicable to all information and information processing facilities
Our Corporate IT Security Incident Response Team (CITSIRT) makes
that are accessed, processed, and communicated to or managed by
contact information publicly available on our website for reporting security
external or third parties and must be protected from any misuse and
issues or concerns related to our services, products, or websites and has
unauthorized activity.
procedures and processes in place to respond, investigate, and take action
as needed.
We have a dedicated IT Information Security and Risk
Employee Training and Security Awareness
Management department that is accountable for the following:
All Agilent employees and non-employees that have access to Agilent
• Policy, standards, and operating procedures
systems must complete security awareness and privacy training at the time
• IT compliance of onboarding. Updated annual security awareness training must also be
completed to retain system access. Additional role-specific security and
• Security operations
privacy training is administered as needed.
• Risk management
Awareness activities are completed throughout the year to reinforce training,
• Threat and vulnerability management including internal phishing campaigns/tests, articles, videos, and direct
communications. Agilent’s embedded Functional Privacy Champions share
• Security awareness
newsletters with key updates about data protection and privacy across the
company, with further activities and outreach conducted annually, including
We also engage external consultants to complete independent program for Data Protection Week, using a consistently updated internal hub to share
and capability assessments, including scanning of our systems for information across the company.
vulnerabilities. The head of our ISRM organization, together with our Chief
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 52SECTION 06
Appendices
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 53SASB Index 2023
Agilent - Medical Equipment & Supplies Industry Classification
Dimension Issue Category Issue Category SASB Metric Disclosure Location/Response SASB Code
Affordability and Pricing
Social Capital Access & Affordability Ratio of weighted average rate of net price increases (for all This metric is not relevant to our business, and we do not consider this information to be material. HC-MS-240a.1
Affordability & Pricing products) to the annual increase in the U.S. Consumer Price However, Agilent meets all applicable laws, regulations, and standards where we do business. Agilent
Index engages with our stakeholders through consultation, surveys, ad-hoc feedback, and reviews.
Description of how price information for each product is Agilent provides transparent and accurate pricing to our customers electronically, by mail, and through HC-MS-240a.2
disclosed to customers or to their agents Agilent’s online ordering platforms. Our Standards of Business Conduct also addresses ethical sales,
marketing, and pricing practices that all employees, contracts, and partners must follow.
Product Safety
Social Capital Product Quality Product Safety Number of recalls issued; total units recalled There have been zero product recalls in 2023. HC-MS-250a.1
& Safety
List of products listed in the FDA’s MedWatch Safety Alerts There have been zero products listed. HC-MS-250a.2
for Human Medical Products database
Number of fatalities related to products as reported in the There have been zero fatalities. HC-MS-250a.3
FDA Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience
database
Number of FDA enforcement actions taken in response to There have been zero enforcement actions taken. HC-MS-250a.4
violations of current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP),
by type
Ethical Marketing
Social Capital Selling Practices Ethical Marketing Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal Agilent had no monetary losses in 2023 due to legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims. HC-MS-240a.1
& Product proceedings associated with false marketing claims
Labeling
Description of code of ethics governing promotion Agilent’s Standards of Business Conduct outlines expectations related to ethical business practices and HC-MS-240a.2
of off- label use of products provides guidance for the promotion of and use of our products. See more on page 24 of our Standards of
Business Conduct
In addition, Agilent’s Global Healthcare Compliance Policy provides guidance on interactions with
healthcare organizations and healthcare professionals by Agilent around the world, including marketing,
research and development perspective. Our US Healthcare Compliance Code is based on the AdvaMed
Code of Ethics and identifies relevant healthcare compliance laws and codes applicable to Agilent’s
business, including those related to the communication with health care professionals on unapproved or
uncleared uses of our medical devices.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 54Product Design and Lifecycle Management
Business Product Design Product Design Discussion of process to assess and manage environmental Agilent’s Environmental Policy is to act in an environmentally responsible manner regarding our HC-MS-410a.1
Model & & Lifecycle & Lifecycle and human health considerations associated with chemicals operations, products, and services. Agilent expects employees and managers to support the
Innovation Management Management in products, and meet demand for sustainable products implementation of this policy in accordance with their roles and responsibilities in the organization. Of
particular relevance to product development are the following actions:
• Ensure our products and operations comply with relevant environmental legislation and
regulations.
• Responsibly manage the use of hazardous materials in our operations, products, and services,
and promote recycling or reuse of our products.
The fundamentals of Agilent’s Design for the Environment (DfE) guidelines encourage Agilent
employees to think about the impact that a product has on both the environment and society.
Therefore, they should consider answering the following questions:
• What positive impacts does the product have on the environment?
• What are the negative impacts?
Many Agilent products include innovations that have enabled their reduced energy use, footprint, water
usage, use of hazardous materials, etc. and we are sponsors of not-for-profit organizations like My
Green Lab (https://www.mygreenlab.org/) to help us understand how we can continually improve the
environmental impact of our products and the sustainability of our laboratory customers worldwide.
Agilent complies with RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances) and REACH regulatory compliance
for all commercial products. For reagent based NPIs, we are using the ARCADIS form to document the
environmental and health considerations.
See 2023 ESG report, Supporting Customers with Sustainable Solutions, for more information.
Total amount of products accepted for take-back and Available data from our Certified Pre-Owned Instruments Program can be found in the HC-MS-410a.2
reused, recycled, or donated, broken down by: (1) devices Supporting Customers with Sustainable Solutions section of the 2023 ESG Report.
and equipment and (2) supplies
Supply Chain Management
Business Supply Chain Supply Chain Percentage of (1) entity’s facilities and (2) Tier I suppliers’ 1. All medical device facilities at Agilent under ISO 13485 are subject to annual audits by Notified HC-MS-430a.1
Model & Management Management facilities participating in third-party audit programs for Bodies. Non-medical facilities operating under ISO 9001 are audited at least once every three
Innovation manufacturing and product quality years by Registrars.
2. Agilent does not currently report the percentage of Tier 1 supplier facilities participating in third-
party audit programs for manufacturing or product quality. At the time of supplier on-boarding,
Agilent requests ISO certificates or evidence of a Quality Management System from suppliers.
Description of efforts to maintain traceability within the Agilent maintains traceability through all stages of manufacturing through distribution using our ERP HC-MS-430a.2
distribution chain system. Traceability is maintained based on part number, serial number and/or lot number.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 55Business Supply Chain Supply Chain Description of the management of risks associated with the Agilent monitors risk through a number of different processes. This includes but is not limited to: HC-MS-430a.3
Model & Management Management use of critical materials
Innovation • Dangerous Goods are stored, transported, and disposed of based upon the applicable
Transportation and EHS regulations.
• Agilent has a Conflict Minerals Position Statement and abides by all requirements of the Dodd-
Frank Act, including filing required SEC report.
• Suppliers identified through risk assessment processes are monitored and business continuity
plans are in place and reviewed annually. Agilent has a Supplier Code of Conduct.
• For critical parts, Agilent follows additional risk processes and tracks and monitors suppliers.
Business Ethics
Leadership & Business Ethics Business Ethics Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal Agilent had no monetary losses in 2023 due to legal proceedings associated with corruption and bribery. HC-BP-510a.1
Governance proceedings associated with corruption and bribery
Activity Metric
Number of units sold by product category Agilent does not disclose the number of units sold by product category. HC-MS-000.A
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 56TCFD Index
Governance | Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities.
b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
See the Approach to ESG, and Enterprise Risk Management sections of Agilent’s 2023 ESG Report.
Strategy | Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material.
a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short-, medium-, and long-term.
b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.
c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario.
The TCFD highlights two primary types of climate risks—physical and transition. Physical risks may include extreme weather events, such as drought or flooding, and the longer-term impact of increasing average global mean temperatures. Transition risks, on
the other hand, may include the global transition to a low-carbon economy, new regulations, and innovations in energy efficiency.
We have identified climate-related risks and opportunities with potential impact to our business as described below:
Physical Risks Risk Type
Operations continuity Moderate
S&P Global Sustainable1 analyzed the potential physical risks that may impact Agilent’s operations, considering different scenarios of climate change by 2050. Sustainable1 examined our
physical risk exposure at the asset level, which includes our manufacturing sites, data center, and large office sites.
Overall, Agilent faces moderate physical risk with greatest exposure to water stress, cold waves, and wildfires. The small increase in composite physical risk score from the moderate to high
scenario is associated with increased wildfire and heatwave risk as global temperatures rise.
Mitigation Strategy
Agilent site management teams are engaging with stakeholders within senior leadership and subject matter experts in relevant operational areas on next steps and mitigation
plans which will be managed via our Enterprise Risk Management program.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 57Physical Risk Exposure for Operations
Scenario Reference (IPCC) RCP* Description
High Climate Change Scenario 8.5 Continuation of business as usual with emissions at current rates.
This scenario is expected to result in warming in excess of 4°C by 2100.
Moderate Climate Change Scenario 4.5 Strong mitigation actions to reduce emissions to half of current levels by 2080.
This scenario is more likely than not to result in warming in excess of 2°C by 2100.
Low Climate Change Scenario 2.6 Aggressive mitigation actions to halve emissions by 2050.
This scenario is likely to result in warming of less than 2°C by 2100.
*RCP - Representative Concentration Pathway — RCP 4.5 is described by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) as a moderate scenario in which emissions peak around 2040 and then decline. RCP
8.5 is the highest baseline emissions scenario in which emissions continue to rise throughout the twenty-first century. RCP 2. 6 represents a pathway where greenhouse gas emissions are strongly reduced, resulting
in a best estimate global average temperature rise of 1.6°C by 2100 compared to the pre-industrial period.
Transition Risk Risk Type
Policy Risk Exposure Low to Moderate
To significantly reduce GHG emissions and address climate change, carbon taxes, emissions trading schemes and fuel taxes are expected to feature prominently in global policy action.
The S&P Global Sustainable1 risk model inputs include:
• S&P Global TruCost carbon price data and scenarios
• Agilent’s Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and location data by facility
• Agilent’s Scope 3 emissions data per category
• Agilent’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG targets
The sources of Scope 1 and 2 emissions mainly consist of Agilent offices, data centers, and manufacturing sites. Upstream Scope 3 emissions were also included and are chiefly made up of purchases from Agilent suppliers and transportation and distribution
services.
The TCFD identifies increased pricing of GHG emissions and increased operating costs (e.g., higher compliance costs) as examples of climate-related policy risk. The emergence of increasing taxes on fuel or GHG emissions may leave Agilent with increased
expenses which it may choose to pass on to customers, absorb, or invest in lowering its emissions.
The analysis concluded that the impact of carbon pricing on Agilent’s operating expenses are likely to be low to moderate. These risks will be mitigated by Agilent’s net-zero commitment.
Mitigation Strategy
More information can be found in the Environment section of the ESG report.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 58Transition Risk Time Horizon
Market Risk Exposure: Suppliers Short- and medium-term
S&P Global Sustainable1 quantified the market risk exposure by calculating the earnings at risk of Agilent’s top 100 corporate suppliers. As carbon prices increase globally to drive transition to a low-carbon economy, Agilent’s suppliers may be affected by
increasing emissions taxes over time.
Suppliers in the Chemicals sector followed by the Air Freight and Logistics sectors have the highest earnings at risk from carbon pricing.
Our highest expenditures are with air freight and logistics suppliers. Professional services are the second highest spend but the sector has a lower carbon pricing risk relative to other sectors.
Overall, five of Agilent’s suppliers have market risk (EBITDA) exposure above the sector average with all others being at or below the sector average.
Mitigation
We are evaluating suppliers who are most at risk and will collaborate with our strategic suppliers on their risk mitigation plans.
Other mitigating actions may include engagement with suppliers who are most at risk of eroded operating margins due to their exposure to increased carbon pricing and examination of the materiality of the high-risk suppliers to Agilent’s business by
overlaying the data with information on supplier expenditure.
More information on how we are engaging with our suppliers on Scope 3 emissions can be found in the Environment section of the ESG report.
Transition Risk Time Horizon
Market Risk Exposure: Customers Short- and medium-term
Agilent’s customers are increasing their engagement with Agilent’s sales and operations personnel on sustainability matters. Significant focus is now on GHG emissions, water use, and other issues related to the UN Sustainable Development Goals to meet
evolving ESG expectations and goals. Mitigation of climate change is typically high on customers’ sustainability agenda and insufficient commitment and progress toward reducing emissions and other root causes of climate change may jeopardize business
from key customers. Core environmental sustainability metrics are being subjected to increasing scrutiny.
Mitigation
Agilent reviews current and emerging customer expectations and has responded with public commitments to help mitigate the impacts of climate change. Agilent’s net-zero commitment is one such example, and core environmental sustainability metrics are
publicly disclosed and audited by a third-party assurance body. Refer to Agilent's Environmental Data Assurance Statement
More information about how we engage our customers can be found in the Stakeholder Engagement, Sustainable Solutions and Supplier sections of the ESG report.
Risk Management | Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks.
a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks.
c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management.
More information about our approach to risk management can be found in the Our Approach to ESG, Environment, and Enterprise Risk Management sections of the ESG report.
Metrics and Targets | Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.
a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate- related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.
b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks.
c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate- related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.
More information about our goals, targets, and progress can be found in the Environment section of the ESG report.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 59Global Reporting Index
General Disclosures
Disclosure # Disclosure Topic Reference
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
2-1 Organizational details 2023 Agilent Form 10K, page 3
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s 2023 Agilent Form 10K, page 61
sustainability reporting
All legal entities are included in line with Agilent’s financial reporting
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point This annual ESG report covers the fiscal year starting November 1, 2022, and ending October 31, 2023.
2-4 Restatements of information See Environmental Management Organization
We have moved our baseline year for reporting on emissions from 2014 to 2019 to align with goals approved by the Science Based Targets initiative.
2-5 External assurance Disclosures on Agilent’s progress are verified annually by an independent third party. In FY 2023 that verification was conducted by S&P Global Sustainable 1.
Agilent’s Environmental Data and Assurance statement is available on the Environment Health and Safety website
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business 2023 Form 10-K, pages 3–15
relationships
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 602-7 Employees FY 2023 Employees
Employee Status by Region Female Male Other* Not Disclosed Total
Global
Total 6,934 11,141 4 8 18,087
Full-time 6,652 11,049 4 8 17,713
Part-time 282 92 0 0 374
Permanent 6,934 11,141 4 8 18,087
Americas
Total 2,719 4,133 4 3 6,859
Full-time 2,694 4,122 4 3 6,823
Part-time 25 11 0 0 36
Permanent 2,719 4,133 4 3 6,859
Asia Pacific
Total 2,566 4,175 0 0 6,741
Full-time 2,552 4,173 0 0 6,725
Part-time 14 2 0 0 16
Permanent 2,566 4,175 0 0 6,741
Europe
Total 1,649 2,833 0 5 4,487
Full-time 1,406 2,754 0 5 4,165
Part-time 243 79 0 0 322
Permanent 1,649 2,833 0 5 4,487
*As specified by employee
**We do not have any non-guaranteed hours employees
***We report headcount, not FTE. A part-time employee is counted as one.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 612-8 Workers who are not employees 6,170 Contingent Workers
2-9 Governance structure and composition 2024 Proxy Statement, pages 4–5, 7, 16–21,
2023 ESG Report, Our Approach to ESG, Corporate Governance
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 2024 Proxy Statement, pages 18–19
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body 2024 Proxy Statement, page 16
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts 2023 ESG Report, Our Approach to ESG, Enterprise Risk Management, Ethics & Compliance
2024 Proxy Statement, pages 3–5, 17, 20–21
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts 2023 ESG Report, Our Approach to ESG, Enterprise Risk Management, Ethics & Compliance
2024 Proxy Statement, pages 5, 17, 20–21
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting 2023 ESG Report, Our Approach to ESG, Enterprise Risk Management, Ethics & Compliance
2024 Proxy Statement, pages 5, 17, 20–21
2-15 Conflicts of interest 2024 Proxy Statement, pages 21–22
2-16 Communication of critical concerns 2023 ESG Report, Ethics and Compliance
No critical concerns arose during the reporting period
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 2023 ESG Report, Our Approach to ESG
Senior management provides the Board and its committees with periodic reports and updates on sustainable development, including but not limited to
ESG-related regulatory and market trends, the company’s ESG program and overall strategy, and actions taken in light of evolving trends and regulatory
developments
2024 Proxy Statement, page 7
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body 2024 Proxy Statement, page 16
Corporate Governance Standards, page 4
2-19 Remuneration policies 2024 Proxy Statement, pages 24–57
2-20 Process to determine remuneration 2024 Proxy Statement, page 27–31
The Compensation Committee of the Board administers Agilent’s executive compensation program. The Committee—composed entirely of independent,
non-employee directors—is responsible for approving and reporting to the Board on all elements of compensation for the executive officers.
We received 89% support for our 2023 Say-on-Pay proposal and continue to engage with stockholders regarding our executive pay program.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 622-21 Annual total compensation ratio Annual total compensation ratio: 203:1 Change in the annual total compensation ratio: -8%
2-22 Statement on sustainable development 2023 ESG Report, Our Approach to ESG
strategy
2-23 Policy commitments Standards of Business Conduct Human Rights Labor Policy
Code of Ethics for a Director on the Board CTISCA Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct Conflict Minerals Policy
2-24 Embedding policy commitments 2023 ESG Report, Our Approach to ESG, Supplier ESG Standards and Compliance, Enterprise Risk Management, Ethics and Compliance
2-25 Processes to remediate negative 2023 ESG Report, Enterprise Risk Management, Ethics and Compliance
impacts
Standards of Business Conduct
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and 2023 ESG Report, Stakeholder Engagement, Enterprise Risk Management, Ethics and Compliance
raising concerns
Standards of Business Conduct, pages 7–8
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Agilent had no significant instances of non-compliance during the period. Serious non-compliance instances would be matters that are deemed by a court or other means to be a violation of law or
regulation, or instances that, upon internal detection by the company, would require and result in the voluntary disclosure of the matter to a law enforcement agency.
2-28 Membership associations Advanced Medical Technology Association Engineering Biology Research Consortium National Association for Environmental, Health, Safety,
(AdvaMed) and Sustainability Management
GAMBICA Association
Allotrope Foundation National Institute for Innovation in Manufacturing
Government-University-Industry Research
Biopharmaceuticals (NIMBL)
American National Standards Institute Roundtable
Open Platform Communications Foundation
American Physical Society Ignited Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers Society of Vacuum Coaters
AOAC International
International Genetically Engineered Machine Society of Women Engineers
British In Vitro Diagnostics Association (BIVDA)
(iGEM)
Center for Bioanalytic Metrology
Med Tech Europe
CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion
Merced Nanomaterials Center for Energy and
Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories Meetings and Sensing (MACES)
Courses Program
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 2023 ESG Report, Stakeholder Engagement
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 632-30 Collective bargaining
Employees Covered by a CBA Employees not Covered by a CBA Other
agreements
Global
13.1% of all Agilent employees are covered by a collective All Agilent employees have terms and conditions of employment
bargaining agreement (CBA). set according to detailed local benchmarking and best practices.
Asia Pacific
395 employees covered by CBA In Australia, all monthly Australian and New Zealand employees
not covered by a CBA are covered by individual agreements.
Australia: 26
Standard terms and conditions and benefits apply to all monthly
Japan: 369
employees. Australia has minimum standards set by Fair Work
Australia and the Award system. Agilent ensures we exceed
these conditions and provide a package of benefits to support
employees.
Europe
1,725 employees covered by a CBA In Finland, Agilent employees are not formally covered by a All 1,520 employees in Germany plus all 185 employees in
collective bargaining agreement; however, their terms and Netherlands (not covered by a CBA) have terms and conditions
Austria: 24
conditions of employment, including salary increases, are set by of employment set by reference to internal Works Council
Belgium: 142
reference to the country CBA. This affects all 29 employees Agreements, which are binding. This means a total of 1,705
Denmark: 247
in Finland. employees in Europe are not covered by a CBA, but have terms
France: 282
and conditions of employment set by reference to internal Works
Italy: 437
Council Agreements.
Spain: 593
All employees located in the countries above are covered by a
CBA, except Denmark where only some are covered.
Americas
All 241 employees in Brazil are covered by a CBA. In Brazil, an agreement between employer and employee union
describes all benefits offered to employees in line with local country
requirements. These benefits are beyond what is mandatory. Legal
increases are announced through the agreement.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 64Material Topics
Disclosure # Disclosure Topic Location
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
3-1 Process to determine material topics 2023 ESG Report, Materiality Assessment
3-2 List of material topics 2023 ESG Report, Materiality Assessment • Diversity and Inclusion • Product Safety and Quality
• Air Quality • Economic Performance • Product Sustainability
• Chemicals and Hazardous Materials • Ethical Business Conduct • Supply Chain Sustainability and Responsible Sourcing
• Climate Change and Energy • Innovation and Research & Development • Talent Attraction, Development & Retention
• Community Engagement and Relations • Labor Practices • Waste Management
• Corporate Governance and Leadership • Market Presence & Pricing • Water and Effluents
• Customer Satisfaction and Engagement • Occupational Health & Safety
3-3 Management of material topics Management of each material topic is addressed within relevant sections of the 2023 ESG report, including ESG Approach.
GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 2023 Form 10-K, pages 53–60
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and 2023 TCFD Index
opportunities due to climate change
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other 2023 Form 10-K, pages 33–34, 90–95
retirement plans
Percentage of salary contributed by employee and employer vary by country. Separate funds exist in some countries to pay the plan’s pension liabilities. Agilent does not track
participation in either mandatory or voluntary retirement/pension programs in each country in which we do business.
201-4 Financial assistance received from government 2023 Form 10-K, page 41
GRI 202: Market Presence 2016
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender The significant location of operations used for the ratio of employee entry level wage to local minimum wages is the United States. Local minimum wage is variable. Federal
compared to local minimum wage minimum wage of $7.25 was used to calculate Agilent’s ratio of entry-level wage to minimum wage, which was 2.62:1 in FY 2023
202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from In FY 2023, the percentage of senior management at significant locations of operation hired from the local community as a share of:
the local community • All senior management hired: 33%
• Total population (existing and new hires) of senior management: 1%
Definitions:
• Senior management: Associate VP and above
• Local: Within 50 miles of office location
• Significant locations of operation: More than 100 employees based at the site
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 65GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016
Agilent advanced or completed projects that expanded manufacturing or related operations in Shanghai, China; Newport, Delaware; Little Falls, Delaware; Frederick, Colorado; and
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported Waldbronn, Germany. These projects have an economic impact on the communities in terms of utilizing services of contractors and related service providers. In many cases, the
expansions are expected to create jobs in the community.
The Agilent Foundation provided $2.4 million in grants in FY2023, many of which contributed to the infrastructure of communities where we operate and other areas with substantial
needs, such as the Sahel region in Africa. Below are some of the grants issued in 2023. See more about the Agilent Foundation on Agilent.com
• $1 million to fund graduate students in STEM at Delaware State University, a historically Black university (2023 ESG Report, Diverse Recruiting)
• Donation of lab instruments, software, and grants valued at $150,000 to support scientists in Africa (2023 ESG Report, Employee Engagement)
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts
• $100,000 to SOS Sahel to support sustainable agriculture and food security in Africa’s Sahel region.
• $25,000 to Musana Community Development to provide lab supplies and teacher training for a school in Uganda.
• $25,000 to support P-Tech is a STEM program at Frederick High School to support education of underserved students.
• $150,000 donation to fund STEM education for indigenous students in Australia. Funding extends over three years (2021 to 2023).
GRI 204: Procurement Practices 2016
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers Agilent does not track this information
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption We have assessed 100% of our operations, including our three business units for risks related to corruption. The most significant risk
was identified as third parties, particularly those interacting with government officials in countries with a high corruption perception index score
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption Agilent communicates its anti-corruption policies in various forms, including:
policies and procedures
• Standards of Business Conduct
• Supplier Code Conduct
• Agilent Global Anti-Corruption Policy
Additional detailed policies and procedures are provided to employees, contractors, third-party partners, and suppliers.
All employees/temporary workers are trained on anti-corruption through the Agilent Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) training or the Agilent Anti-Corruption training.
Governance Body Members Employees(including Contingent workers) Business Partners
Communication on anti-corruption policies and procedures 11 (100%) 19,527 (100%) 1,074 (100%)
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken For the nature of confirmed incidents of corruption, following internal detection and investigations, there were no instances of misconduct in violation of our policies against
corruption, for which employees and business partners were disciplined and/or terminated.
Agilent has a formal process for investigating and addressing allegations of corruption should they occur.
• Total number of confirmed incidents of corruption: 0
• Number in which employees were dismissed or disciplined for corruption: 0
• Number when contracts with business partners were not renewed due to violations related to corruption: 0
• Public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organization or its employees: 0
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 66GRI 206: Anti-competitive Behavior 2016
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, Agilent policies forbid anti-competitive behavior, antitrust, and monopolistic practices. In the reporting period, there were no legal actions for antitrust or anti-competitive behavior.
and monopoly practices
GRI 207: Tax 2019
207-1 Approach to tax Agilent Global Tax partners with our business organizations to provide tax planning that aligns with our business operations, manages tax risks, and enhances value. We do not
engage in aggressive tax planning strategies that are inconsistent with our core values. Any tax planning strategies are approved by the CFO in conjunction with the VP of Tax and
broader tax team.
207-2 Tax governance, control, and risk management Agilent complies with tax requirements in every jurisdiction where we operate. Our tax professionals worldwide are committed to the highest compliance standards and are well
versed in relevant tax laws and regulations. Agilent maintains robust internal policies and procedures supporting its tax control framework.
207-3 Stakeholder engagement and management of Agilent operates with consistently high accounting, tax filing, and tax reporting standards. We value transparency and cooperation with tax authorities and are committed to engaging
concerns related to tax with the tax authorities in all countries in which we operate in a professional, courteous, honest, and collaborative manner regarding all tax matters. We work constructively with tax
authorities to attempt to resolve any issues that may arise in a timely manner through appropriate methods of dispute resolution. We seek to be a valued partner to governments and
advocate for tax legislation that provides clarity and encourages innovation and growth. The broad tax topics are discussed with the Audit and Finance Committee.
207-4 Country-by-country reporting Agilent reports financial, economic, and tax-related information at the enterprise level in its 2023 Form 10-K. Agilent does not publicly report financial
information for local tax jurisdictions.
GRI 302: Energy 2016
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 2023 ESG Report, Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Metrics
302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization 2023 ESG Report, Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Metrics
302-3 Energy intensity 2023 ESG Report, Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Metrics
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 2023 ESG Report, Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Metrics
302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and 2023 ESG Report, Supporting Customers with Sustainable Solutions
services
GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource 2023 ESG Report, Water Management
The discharge of water varies from site to site, but can be attributed to domestic sanitation, production operations and cooling systems. Typically, a small proportion of discharge
from an onsite water treatment plant is approved with local permits and consideration for environmental impacts. Surface water discharge is directed towards local surface water
infrastructure, ensuring the separation of potential contaminants from our site. When water is discharged into the sewer system, we carefully consider factors such as evaporation
and irrigation of site grounds. While we do not currently measure the specific metrics associated with our water discharge, we estimate that 5 percent of the discharge occurs
through evaporation, primarily in areas where evaporative coolers are present.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 67303-2 Management of water 2023 ESG Report, Water Management
303-3 Water withdrawal 2023 ESG Report, Water Management
303-4 Water discharge 2023 ESG Report, Water Management
303-5 Water consumption 2023 ESG Report, Water Management
GRI 304: Biodiversity 2016
304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or Agilent does not have any sites or locations in biodiverse or protected areas.
adjacent to, protected areas
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services Agilent does not have any sites or locations in biodiverse or protected areas.
on biodiversity
304-3 Habitats protected or restored Agilent does not have any sites or locations in biodiverse or protected areas.
304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list Agilent does not have any sites or locations in biodiverse or protected areas.
species with habitats in areas affected by operations
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 2023 ESG Report, Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Metrics
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 2023 ESG Report, Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Metrics
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 2023 ESG Report, Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Metrics
305-4 GHG emissions intensity 2023 ESG Report, Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Metrics
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 2023 ESG Report, Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Metrics
305-6 Emissions of ozone Agilent does not use, produce, import, or export Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) prohibited under the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer. Agilent uses
very small amounts in the formulation of analytical standards which are largely used as references by analytical labs in the pursuit of their detection in the environment.
Agilent eliminated chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), carbon tetrachloride and 1,1,1-trichloroethane use in worldwide manufacturing processes during 1993.
Agilent has also eliminated Class I, II and III ODSs in its air conditioning systems, process chillers and environmental chambers. Procurement practices are in place to prevent the
inadvertent reintroduction of ODSs into processes where they have been eliminated.
Under Agilent’s product supplier agreements, suppliers warrant that goods and their packaging shall comply with applicable environmental, health and safety laws, rules, and
regulations, including Agilent’s General Specification for the Environment (GSE).
The small quantities of ODSs contained in some of Agilent’s analytical standards comply with international legislation for their manufacture, use and product labeling.
Agilent modifies its program as needed to address amendments to the Montreal Protocol, U.S., European and other international requirements.
Guidance for eliminating and managing the use of ODSs at Agilent sites is contained in the Agilent ODS Elimination Guideline.
Procurement practices are in place to prevent the inadvertent reintroduction of ODSs into processes where they have been eliminated.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 68305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and 2023 ESG Report, Energy and Emissions Management
other significant air emissions
(Includes 95% of operations) FY19 2023
Scope 1
NOx MT 0.02 0.02
Intensity (MT per sqft) 4.3 E-09 5.0 E-09
Scope 2
NOx MT 1.01 1.04
Scope 2 NOx intensity (MT per sqft) 2.6 E-07 2.2 E-07
Total Scope 1 and 2 NOx Intensity (MT CO2e/sq. ft.) 2.6 E-07 2.3 E-07
GRI 306: Waste 2020
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste 2023 ESG Report, Waste Management
306-2 Management of significant waste 2023 ESG Report, Waste Management
306-3 Waste generated 2023 ESG Report, Waste Management
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal 2023 ESG Report, Waste Management
306-5 Waste directed to disposal 2023 ESG Report, Waste Management
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using 2023 ESG Report, Supply Chain Policies and Practices
environmental criteria
At the time of supplier onboarding, new suppliers exceeding estimated annual spend thresholds and/or belonging to certain industry sectors are asked to complete a business
assessment questionnaire which includes questions regarding the supplier’s sustainability practices. Approximately 23% of new suppliers are screened for environmental criteria.
Additionally, Agilent utilizes the Supplier Compliance Assessment process with selected new suppliers. Responses are evaluated against a set of environmental, health and safety
criteria, among others.
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply 2023 ESG Report, Supply Chain Policies and Practices
chain and actions taken
At Agilent, we prioritize the integrity and sustainability of our supply chain. To ensure transparency and resilience in our operations, we engage third-party services for conducting
Supply Chain Risk Analysis (SCRA) on all Active Suppliers. SCRA is based upon goods/services provided by suppliers and their geographical locations.
After analyzing SCRA results and the potential impacts to Agilent, 564 suppliers completed detailed environmental assessments. A small percentage of suppliers may require further
evaluation to address and mitigate potential risks for future improvements. This proactive approach ensures ongoing monitoring and enhancement of our supply chain resilience and
sustainability.
In addition to assessments, Agilent uses a third-party service to conduct on-site audits. No major non-conformances were identified in FY 2023. All minor non-conformances have
been remediated.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 69GRI 401: Employment 2016
401-1 New employee
All age groups Under 30 years old Between 30 and 50 years old Over 50 years old
hires and
employee
turnover Terminations
Female # 495 75 305 115
Female Rate 7.1% 10.1% 6.6% 7.2%
Male # 757 126 371 260
Male Rate 6.8% 12.7% 5.2% 8.7%
Other/Undisclosed # 1 1 0 0
Other/Undisclosed Rate 8.3% 33.0% 0.0% 0.0%
Total Terminations # 1,252 201 676 375
Total Terminations Rate 6.9% 11.6% 5.7% 8.2%
Hires
Female # 481 161 254 66
Female Rate 6.9% 21.7% 5.5% 4.1%
Male # 748 199 478 71
Male Rate 6.7% 20.1% 6.7% 2.4%
Other/Undisclosed # 1 0 1 0
Other/Undisclosed Rate 8.3% 0.0% 11.1% 0.0%
Total Hires # 1,229 360 733 137
Total Hires Rate 6.8% 20.7% 6.2% 3.0%
Total Employees
Female # (as of FY 2023) 6,934 742 4,589 1,603
Male # (as of FY 2023) 11,141 991 7,176 2,974
Other/Undisclosed # (as of FY 2023) 12 3 9 0
Total Employees # (as of FY 2023) 18,087 1,736 11,774 4,577
* Rate is based on related total global regular active headcount on Oct 31, 2023.
** Agilent reports headcount, not FTE, so a part-time employee is counted as one.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 70401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees 2023 ESG Report, Total Rewards
Generally, part-time employees who meet minimum requirements for benefits eligibility are eligible for the same benefits as full-time employees. Benefits and eligibility requirements
vary by country.
Agilent aims to deliver a rewards portfolio that is competitive with life sciences, diagnostics and applied markets companies, representative of the diverse industries and markets
within which Agilent operates.
Our rewards are offered to eligible employees and comply with local legal requirements. Our Total Pay program includes base pay; variable pay, such as the One Agilent Bonus and
Individual Performance Bonus; and sales incentive compensation.
Pay is differentiated based on company and individual performance. Benefits such as health and welfare benefits, retirement plans, and time off provide a foundation to support
employee well-being and financial security.
Equity programs align employee and shareholder interests. Programs include an Employee Stock Purchase Plan and long-term incentives such as restricted stock units.
401-3 Parental leave Agilent meets or exceeds local requirements for parental leave in all jurisdications where the company has employees.
U.S. employees are provided three (3) weeks of parental pay (full pay) to both new mothers and fathers following the birth or adoption of their child. Agilent also provides additional
parental pay supplemental wage replacement to bring birthing mothers up to full pay for up to thirteen (13) weeks during the period of disability, as certified by the health care
provider.
GRI 402: Labor/Management Relations 2016
402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational Notice periods vary by country in accordance with local employment regulations.
changes
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 2023 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 2023 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
investigation
403-3 Occupational health services 2023 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
Agilent does not have workers with high incidence or high risk of work-related disease. Agilent provides several programs and educational opportunities aimed at managing serious
diseases and medical situations for employees as well as family and community members.
Agilent environmental, health and safety (EHS) standards maintain employee exposure levels for harmful agents in the workplace well below regulatory requirements. Agilent
provides training to employees as a precautionary measure to prevent blood borne diseases.
Agilent Workplace Services has both Emergency Action and Disaster Recovery Plans that address serious medical events or disease outbreaks (e.g., pandemic events).
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and 2023 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
communication on occupational health and safety
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety 2023 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 71403-6 Promotion of worker health 2023 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety, Total Rewards
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health EHS Policy
and safety impacts directly linked by business
Supplier Code of Conduct
relationships
Contractor EHS Requirements
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health Employees covered by an occupational health and safety management system (OHSMS)
and safety management system
Employees Covered by OHS Management System 2023
OHSMS
Employees Covered # 24,686
Employees Covered % 100%
Internally Audited OHSMS
Employees Covered # 12,551
Employees Covered % 51%
Externally Audited OHSMS
Employees Covered # 5,755
Employees Covered % 23%
Number and percentage of employees covered includes contingent workers.
403-9 Work-related injuries 2023 ESG Report, Occupational Health and Safety
403-10 Work-related ill health Agilent provides several programs and educational opportunities aimed at managing serious diseases and medical situations for employees as well as family and community
members. Agilent EHS standards maintain employee exposure levels for harmful agents in the workplace well below regulatory requirements. Agilent provides training to employees
as a precautionary measure to prevent blood borne diseases. Agilent Workplace Services has both Emergency Action and Disaster Recovery Plans that address serious medical
events or disease outbreaks (e.g., pandemic events).
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee In 2023, approximately 99% of Agilent employees completed an average of 31 hours of training.
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 2023 ESG Report, Talent Development
assistance programs
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular 100% of Agilent employees receive regular performance reviews.
performance and career development reviews
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 72GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 2023 ESG Report, Diversity & Inclusion, Corporate Governance
Male Female Others / Undisclosed Age groups
% % % % <30 yrs old % 30-50 yrs old % >50 yrs old
All Employees 62 38 0.12 10% 63% 27%
Managers 67 33 0.13 0.4% 57% 43%
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration 2023 ESG Report, Diversity and Inclusion
of women to men
GRI 406: Non-discrimination 2016
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective Standards of Business Conduct, pages 7–8
actions taken
We reported one incident of discrimination. Agilent reviewed the incident reported and took appropriate action.
GRI 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom Human Rights and Labor Policy
of association and collective bargaining may be at risk
CTISCA Statement
Agilent respects the rights of employees to organize in labor unions in accordance with local laws and established practice, if desired. There are no Agilent operations or geographic
locations where workers’ rights are at risk.
Agilent prioritizes the integrity and sustainability of our supply chain. To ensure transparency and resilience in our operations, we engage third-party services for conducting Supply
Chain Risk Analysis (SCRA) and supplier assessments. SCRA was conducted for all active suppliers based upon goods/services provided by suppliers and their geographical
locations.
After analyzing SCRA results and the potential impacts to Agilent, 564 suppliers completed detailed Human Rights and Labor assessment. A small percentage of suppliers may
require further evaluation to address and mitigate potential risks for future improvement. This proactive approach ensures ongoing monitoring and enhancement of our supply chain
resilience and sustainability.
GRI 408: Child Labor 2016
408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 2023 ESG Report, Supplier ESG Standards and Compliance
incidents of child labor
Human Rights and Labor Policy
CTISCA Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
Agilent prioritizes the integrity and sustainability of our supply chain. To ensure transparency and resilience in our operations, we engage third-party services for conducting Supply
Chain Risk Analysis (SCRA) on all Active Suppliers. SCRA is based upon goods/services provided by suppliers and their geographical locations.
After analyzing SCRA results, 564 suppliers completed a detailed Human Rights & Labor assessment. A small percentage of suppliers may require further evaluation to address and
mitigate potential risks for future improvement. This proactive approach ensures ongoing monitoring and enhancement of our supply chain resilience and sustainability.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 73GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 2023 ESG Report, Supplier ESG Standards and Compliance
incidents of forced or compulsory labor
Human Rights and Labor Policy
CTISCA Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
Agilent prioritizes the integrity and sustainability of our supply chain. To ensure transparency and resilience in our operations, we engage third-party services for conducting Supply
Chain Risk Analysis (SCRA) on all Active Suppliers. SCRA is based upon goods/services provided by suppliers and their geographical locations.
After analyzing SCRA results, 564 suppliers completed a detailed Human Rights & Labor assessment. A small percentage of suppliers may require further evaluation to address and
mitigate potential risks for future improvement. This proactive approach ensures ongoing monitoring and enhancement of our supply chain resilience and sustainability.
GRI 410: Security Practices 2016
410-1 Security personnel trained in human All of Agilent’s security services providers are required to undergo training in human rights policies/procedures.
rights policies or procedures
GRI 413: Local Communities 2016
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact 2023 ESG Report, Engagement Through Giving and Volunteerism
assessments, and development programs
413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential Agilent has not identified any negative impact on local communities caused by Agilent operations.
negative impacts on local communities
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria In FY 2023, 23% of new suppliers were screened using sustainability/social criteria.
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and Based on responses to our business assessment questionnaire, eight suppliers were identified as having the potential for high social risk. Agilent discontinued work with these
actions taken suppliers. The number of suppliers with negative impact represents a small percentage of Agilent’s total supply chain (less than 0.05%).
GRI 415: Public Policy 2016
415-1 Political contributions Agilent does not contribute to or donate any funds to political parties or candidates. We updated our policy to provide additional detail.
Political Contributions Policy
GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 2023 ESG Report, Product Quality and Safety
product and service categories
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 74416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health Agilent did not receive any regulatory non-compliance notices for the reporting period.
and safety impacts of products and services
GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
417-1 Requirements for product and service information Agilent’s labeling requirements/procedures are guided by the regulatory requirements within the jurisdictions of operation. Our Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance
and labeling professionals worldwide are committed to the highest compliance standards and are well versed in applicable laws and regulations for Agilent products. Agilent maintains robust
internal policies and procedures supporting its product labeling, which are continuously reviewed and updated to meet new and emerging regulations.
417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and Agilent had no incidents of non-compliance regarding products or non-compliance issues regarding labeling resulting in a fine, penalty, or warning. In addition, Agilent did not have
service information and labeling any non-compliance incidents for product-related claims during the reporting period.
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing Agilent had no incidents of marketing non-compliance during the reporting period.
communications
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of Agilent is unaware of any complaints regarding breaches of customer privacy or loss of data in the period. Agilent’s Global Data Protection & Privacy program includes data breach
customer privacy and losses of customer data management policies and procedures to address the handling of breaches that involve unauthorized or unintended loss, change or transmission of personal data. These policies and
procedures are scalable to respond to the rapidly changing regulatory environment across the globe.
Agilent 2023 ESG Report CEO Letter | Sustainable Solutions | Our ESG Approach | Environmental | Social | Governance | Appendices 75