SCOPE SOURCE UNIT QUANTITY
Natural gas 11296
GHG
Propane 120
Scope 1
Diesel 31
Electricity 36,006
GHG
Scope 2
Heating 570
Metric
Business Travel tons
3,217
(Air and Rail) CO2e
Fleet 6,976
GHG
Scope 3 Rental Cars 423
Downstream
Transportation and 68,753
Distribution
Water Operational use m3 339,644
Treated 1,584
Incinerated 4,512
Hazardous
Landfilled 4
waste
Recycled 1,611
Total hazardous waste 7,712
✓ Composted Metric 130
tons
Recycled 1,603
Landfilled 164
✓
Solid waste
Incinerated 535
Offsets 175
Total Solid Waste 2,606
•
•
•
•
•DISCLAIMER
This content (including any information, data, analyses, opinions, ratings, scores, and other statements)
(“Content”) has been prepared solely for information purposes and is owned by or licensed to S&P Global Inc.
and/or its affiliates (collectively, “S&P Global”).
This Content may not be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means
without the prior written permission of S&P Global.
You acquire absolutely no rights or licenses in or to this Content and any related text, graphics, photographs,
trademarks, logos, sounds, music, audio, video, artwork, computer code, information, data and material
therein, other than the limited right to utilize this Content for your own personal, internal, non-commercial
purposes or as further provided herein.
Any unauthorized use, facilitation or encouragement of a third party’s unauthorized use (including without
limitation copy, distribution, transmission or modification) of this Content or any related information is not
permitted without S&P Global’s prior consent and shall be deemed an infringement, violation, breach or
contravention of the rights of S&P Global or any applicable third-party (including any copyright, trademark,
patent, rights of privacy or publicity or any other proprietary rights).
A reference to a particular investment or security, a score, rating or any observation concerning an investment
or security that is part of this Content is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold such investment or security,
does not address the suitability of an investment or security and should not be relied on as investment advice.
S&P Global shall have no liability, duty or obligation for or in connection with this Content, any other related
information (including for any errors, inaccuracies, omissions or delays in the data) and/or any actions taken
in reliance thereon. In no event shall S&P Global be liable for any special, incidental, or consequential
damages, arising out of the use of this Content and/or any related information.
The S&P and S&P Global logos are trademarks of S&P Global registered in many jurisdictions worldwide. You
shall not use any of S&P Global's trademarks, trade names or service marks in any manner, and in no event
in a manner accessible by or available to any third party. You acknowledge that you have no ownership or
license rights in or to any of these names or marks.
See additional Disclaimers at https://www.spglobal.com/en/terms-of-use.
Copyright© 2022 S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.