AGILENT LEGAL
AGILENT GLOBAL ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY
1.0 Policy Statement
2.0 Scope
3.0 Record-Keeping/Accounting Provisions
4.0 Due Diligence on Third-Parties
5.0 Facilitating Payments
6.0 Duty to Report
7.0 Penalties and Disciplinary Action
8.0 Enforcement of Agilent’s Anti-Corruption Policy
9.0 Document Control Log
1.0 Policy Statement
Agilent does business directly or indirectly in over 120 countries around the globe, each
of which has its own unique laws, customs, and business practices. Agilent requires its
employees and business partners in all geographies to conduct their affairs with
uncompromising integrity and will not tolerate corrupt activities of any kind.
Agilent prohibits promising, offering, or giving to, or agreeing to receive, or receiving
from, any individual anything of value or personal benefit with the expectation of
receiving a favor, a grant of business, or any other business advantage in return. Such
actions are sometimes referred to as bribes, kickbacks, or quid pro quos.
Agilent is committed to complying with:
• The laws and regulations of each country where Agilent conducts business;
• The laws and regulations of the United States, including the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act;
• Other international anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the U.K.
Bribery Act of 2010 and the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention, to which 38 countries
are signatories;
• The laws and regulations governing interactions with healthcare professionals and
institutions;
• Agilent’s policies and procedures; and
• Agilent’s Standards of Business Conduct
Agilent Technologies Restricted
Any printed copy of this document is an uncontrolled document.
Effective 02/11/2020 Page 1 of 5 Rev. 3AGILENT LEGAL
AGILENT GLOBAL ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY
This policy incorporates the common elements of anti-corruption laws and regulations
worldwide that apply to Agilent’s business. Agilent managers are responsible for actively
promoting awareness of, and enforcing compliance with, this policy among their reports
at all levels; and must not actively or passively authorize or ignore corrupt activities in
their organization. Employees who violate this policy will be subject to disciplinary action,
which may include termination of employment. No employee will suffer adverse
consequences for refusing to offer or make a corrupt payment, even if it may result in the
loss of business.
2.0 Scope
This policy applies to:
• All Agilent legal entities worldwide owned directly or indirectly by Agilent,
including all of Agilent’s operating units, subsidiaries, affiliates, and joint ventures.
The use of the term “Agilent” in this policy includes all such entities.
• All Agilent employees, directors, and officers worldwide, including but not limited
to all contingent and Non-Agilent Workers (NAWs), manufacturer’s
representatives, and commercial agents.
• All third parties acting for and on behalf of Agilent, wherever they are located.
3.0 Record-Keeping/Accounting Provisions
Agilent’s Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) and other corporate policies require that
each subsidiary, branch, and overseas office maintain books and records that accurately
reflect all transactions. In addition, Agilent is responsible for maintaining an adequate
system of internal accounting controls reasonably designed to detect and prevent
fraudulent transactions. The handling of each transaction is subject to Agilent’s Internal
Audit verification, with reporting of exceptions to management and other appropriate
company stakeholders. Failure to record payments in a manner that accurately reflects
the nature of the transaction, such as by mischaracterizing a business expense, may
violate anti-corruption laws and constitutes a violation of this policy. Transferring Agilent
funds to outside entities with the intent to circumvent internal controls is a violation of
this policy as well as Agilent’s SBC.
Agilent Technologies Restricted
Any printed copy of this document is an uncontrolled document.
Effective 02/11/2020 Page 2 of 5 Rev. 3AGILENT LEGAL
AGILENT GLOBAL ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY
4.0 Due Diligence on Third-Parties
Agilent conducts due diligence on third parties with whom Agilent does business and
takes steps to ensure that these third parties comply with the requirements of this policy.
These steps include the use of a due diligence questionnaire, independent background
checks and investigations, execution of anti-corruption contractual provisions suitable for
the particular business transaction, and post-engagement due diligence, education, and
monitoring, as appropriate. All Agilent managers must ensure that their employees are
alert to potential signs of corruption (“red flags”) when doing business with, or through,
third parties and may not ignore indications that corrupt payments or other illegal
conduct might be occurring.
5.0 Facilitating Payments
Facilitating payments are unofficial payments made to a government official in order to
secure a routine governmental action and are prohibited under most international laws.
Agilent generally prohibits facilitating payments. Solely in the rare circumstance that an
Agilent employee is subject to a threat of immediate severe physical harm, by a person
demanding a facilitating payment, a payment may be made- provided that the payment
and all circumstances surrounding it are reported immediately to the Legal Department.
Any payment must be properly recorded in Agilent’s books and records.
6.0 Duty to Report
Any Agilent employee having information about or knowledge of any conduct
inconsistent with this policy should promptly report such matter to his or her manager,
the Legal Department, or through Agilent’s Compliance Hotline. Agilent maintains
channels for employees to report confidentially and anonymously, in accordance with
local laws. No employee will face retaliation or other negative consequences for coming
forward in good faith and reporting a concern. Agilent will thoroughly investigate all
credible allegations and reports of corrupt activities and take appropriate remedial
measures, where warranted.
Agilent Technologies Restricted
Any printed copy of this document is an uncontrolled document.
Effective 02/11/2020 Page 3 of 5 Rev. 3AGILENT LEGAL
AGILENT GLOBAL ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY
7.0 Penalties and Disciplinary Action
Violations of local and international laws against bribery and corruption could result in
severe monetary and other penalties to Agilent, and to the individuals involved, and cause
serious damage to Agilent’s reputation in the marketplace. Agilent as a company, as well
as Agilent’s employees, agents, and representatives, could face civil and criminal penalties
resulting from corrupt activity, including fines of millions of dollars and potentially
extradition and imprisonment. Individual officers and employees could be prosecuted
even where Agilent is not subject to prosecution or regulatory sanctions; and Agilent has
no obligation to reimburse the costs of fines or other penalties levied on employees who
knowingly and willfully violate Agilent’s policies, or the law. In addition, employees who
violate Agilent’s policies or SBC, or fail to be fully cooperative, truthful, and forthcoming
in response to investigations into misconduct, may face disciplinary action, including
termination of employment.
8.0 Enforcement of Agilent’s Anti-Corruption Policy
Agilent expects every employee, agent, or representative whose duties are likely to lead
to involvement in or exposure to any of the areas covered by laws against corruption and
bribery to become familiar with and comply with this policy. Agilent requires its
employees, agents, and representatives in all countries to certify periodically to
compliance with this policy and to participate in training sessions as instructed by
management. Agilent managers are responsible for ensuring that their reports at all
levels understand and follow this policy and managers may be held accountable for
violations by their employees.
Questions concerning this policy should be directed to Agilent Compliance at:
helpline.legal-compliance@agilent.com.
9.0 Document Control Log
Date Author Version Change
Description
Agilent Technologies Restricted
Any printed copy of this document is an uncontrolled document.
Effective 02/11/2020 Page 4 of 5 Rev. 3AGILENT LEGAL
AGILENT GLOBAL ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY
April 30, 2012 Tim Atchley Rev. 1
July 20, 2016 Tim Atchley Rev. 2
February 11, 2020 Tim Atchley Rev. 2 Link updates
Agilent Technologies Restricted
Any printed copy of this document is an uncontrolled document.
Effective 02/11/2020 Page 5 of 5 Rev. 3