AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
Amended and Restated Corporate Governance Standards
(as amended November 16, 2022)
The Board of Directors (the "Board") and the Nominating /Corporate Governance Committee of
Agilent Technologies, Inc. (the "Company") has established the following guidelines for the
conduct and operation of meetings and deliberations of the Board. These guidelines will be
reviewed periodically by the Board and the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee and
may be amended or modified from time to time.
1. Duty of Loyalty: Each director owes a duty of loyalty to the Company, is expected
to act in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders as a whole, and to comply with the
Agilent Director Code of Ethics.
2. Conduct of Board Meetings: The conduct of meetings of the Board will be
governed as follows:
a. Selection of Agenda Items for Board Meeting. The Chairman of the Board
in consultation with the CEO will establish the agenda for each Board meeting. Each Board
member shall be free to suggest the inclusion of item(s) on the agenda. The board will
review the Company’s long-term strategic plans and the big-picture challenges faced by
the Company in executing on these plans during at least one board meeting per year.
b. Board Materials Distributed in Advance. Information and data concerning
the Company, its financial affairs and strategic plan is important to the Board's
understanding and decision making process. Accordingly, there will be made available in
advance of each meeting of the Board appropriate written material relating to substantive
agenda items. Management will make every attempt to see that this material is as brief as
possible while still providing the desired information. Highly sensitive subjects may be
discussed at the meeting without advance distribution of written materials.
c. Presentations. As a general rule, information on specific subjects should be
made available to the Board members well in advance of each meeting so that the Board
meeting time may be conserved, and discussion time focused on questions that the Board
has about the material. On those occasions on which the subject matter is too sensitive to
put in writing, the presentations will be discussed at the meeting.
d. Management Presentations. The Board encourages the Company's
management to, from time to time, bring managers into Board meetings who (a) can
provide additional insight into the items being discussed because of personal involvement
in these areas, and/or (b) represent managers with future potential that management
believes should be given exposure to the Board.
1
Adopted on May 17, 2006 (Amended on November 14, 2012, May 21, 2014, and amended further on November 16, 2022)e. Regular Attendance of Non-Directors at Board Meetings. The Board is
comfortable with the regular attendance at each Board meeting of non-Board members who
are members of the Company's Executive Staff except during Executive Sessions of the
Board.
3. Executive Sessions of Independent Directors: The independent (see paragraph 5c
for definition of independent) directors of the Board will meet separately as a group at least once
every other Board meeting, but not less than once a quarter. The Lead Independent Director will
be selected by the outside directors and will assume the responsibility of chairing the regularly
scheduled meetings of outside directors and bear such further responsibilities that the outside
directors as a whole might designate from time to time. The identity of the Lead Independent
Director will be disclosed in the annual proxy statement.
4. Access to Senior Management: Each member of the Board shall have complete and
open access to the Company's management. Board members will use their judgment to be sure
that contact with management is not distracting to the operation of the Company and that such
contact be coordinated, to the extent reasonably practicable, with the Chief Executive Officer or
the Chairman of the Board. The board and each committee shall have the authority to obtain
advice, reports or opinions from internal and external counsel and expert advisors and shall have
the power to hire independent legal, finance and other advisors as they may deem necessary,
without consulting with, or obtaining approval from, any officer of the Company in advance.
5. Composition of the Board:
a. Size of the Board. It is the sense of the Board to have approximately nine
members. If outstanding candidate(s) become available, the Board will evaluate its size.
b. Mix of Inside and Outside Directors. There must be a majority of
independent directors on the Board.
c. Board Definition of What Constitutes Independence for Outside Directors.
An independent director is one who is independent of management, who does not have any
consulting, advisory or other compensatory relationship with the Company and who
otherwise does not have any relationships with the Company or its subsidiaries that would
disqualify such director as an independent director under the applicable rules of the NYSE
and the SEC. Directors who are currently, or have been within the last year, employees of
or regular consultants to the Company, or one of its subsidiaries, are not independent.
d. Former Chief Executive Officer's Board Membership. When a Chief
Executive Officer or any other employee director no longer holds such position, he should
offer his resignation from the Board at the same time. Notwithstanding paragraph 5c, a
former Chief Executive Officer serving on the Board will be considered an inside director
for purposes of corporate governance.
e. Board Membership Criteria. The Nominating/Corporate Governance
Committee is responsible for reviewing with the Board on a periodic basis, as necessary,
2
Adopted on May 17, 2006 (Amended on November 14, 2012, May 21, 2014, and amended further on November 16, 2022)the appropriate skills and characteristics required of Board members in the context of the
current make-up of the Board.
f. Selection of New Director Candidates. The Board itself should be
responsible, in fact as well as procedure, for selecting its own members, determining and
reviewing their qualifications. The Board delegates the screening process involved to the
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee with the direct input from the Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer.
g. Voting for Directors. In an uncontested election, any nominee for director
who receives a greater number of votes "withheld" from his or her election than votes "for"
such election (a "Majority Withheld Vote") shall promptly tender his or her resignation
following certification of the stockholder vote.
The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee shall consider the resignation offer and
recommend to the Board whether to accept it. The Board will act on the
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee's recommendation within 90 days
following certification of the stockholder vote.
Thereafter, the Board will promptly disclose their decision whether to accept the director's
resignation offer (and the reasons for rejecting the resignation offer, if applicable) in a press
release to be disseminated in the manner that Company press releases typically are
distributed.
Any director who tenders his or her resignation pursuant to this provision shall not
participate in the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee recommendation or
Board action regarding whether to accept the resignation offer.
However, if each member of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee received
a Majority Withheld Vote at the same election, then the independent Directors who did not
receive a Majority Withheld Vote shall appoint a committee amongst themselves to
consider the resignation offers and recommend to the Board whether to accept them.
However, if the only directors who did not receive a Majority Withheld Vote in the same
election constitute three or fewer directors, all directors may participate in the action
regarding whether to accept the resignation offers.
6. Board Compensation Review: The Compensation Committee shall have the
responsibility for recommending to the Board compensation for non-employee directors. The
Board believes that the amount of director compensation should be fair and competitive in relation
to director compensation at other companies with businesses similar in size and scope to the
Company; the type and amount of compensation should align directors’ interest with the long-term
interests of stockholders; and the structure of the compensation program should be simple,
transparent and easy for stockholders to understand. The Compensation Committee shall review
the annual retainer fee as well as other compensation for non-employee directors with the full
Board every other year.
3
Adopted on May 17, 2006 (Amended on November 14, 2012, May 21, 2014, and amended further on November 16, 2022)7. Assessing the Board's Performance: The Nominating/Corporate Governance
Committee is responsible to report annually to the Board an assessment of the Board's
performance, decision making process and procedures. The committee’s purpose is to increase
the effectiveness of the Board, not to review individual Board members. In addition, the Board
shall conduct an annual independent self-evaluation to determine whether the Board and its
committees are functioning effectively. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee report
and the Board self-evaluation will be discussed by the full Board. These assessments should be of
the Board's and the various committees’ contributions as a whole and specifically review areas in
which the Board and/or the management believes a better contribution could be made in the short-
and long-term perspective. The purpose should be to increase the effectiveness of the Board and
of each committee as a whole as well as their individual members.
8. Committees of the Board: The committee structure of the Board shall at least
consist of an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee. The Board shall convene other committees, as it deems appropriate, such
as an Executive Committee.
a. Assignment and Rotation of Committee Members. It is the sense of the
Board that consideration should be given to rotating committee members periodically, but
the Board does not feel that such a rotation should be mandated as a policy since there may
be reasons to maintain an individual director's committee membership for a longer period.
b. Frequency and Length of Committee Meeting. The committee chairman, in
consultation with the committee members, will determine the frequency and length of the
meetings of the committee in adherence to the committee charter.
d. Committee Agenda. The chairman of the committee, in consultation with the
appropriate members of management and staff, will develop the committee's agenda. Each
committee will issue a schedule of agenda subjects to be discussed for the ensuing year at
the beginning of each fiscal year (to the degree these can be foreseen). This forward agenda
will also be shared with the full Board.
e. Committee Charter. Each committee, unless otherwise directed by the Board,
shall develop a charter for approval by the full Board. The charter will set forth the
principles, policies, objectives and responsibilities of the committees. The charters will
provide that each committee will meet to review its performance at least once a year. The
charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee shall be subject to periodic review by the
Board. Each committee shall have the powers and responsibilities set out in its charter,
which shall be posted on the Company’s website.
f. Committee Membership. The Audit Committee, the Compensation
Committee, and the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee shall each consist of
three or more directors, each of whom shall satisfy the independence (and, in the case of
the Audit Committee, the financial literacy and experience) requirements of Section 10A
4
Adopted on May 17, 2006 (Amended on November 14, 2012, May 21, 2014, and amended further on November 16, 2022)of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the New York Stock Exchange and any other
regulatory requirements. The members of these committees will also meet the other
membership criteria specified in the respective charters for these committees. Committee
members will be appointed by the Board upon recommendation by the
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee of the Board, in accordance with the
charter and principles of the committee.
9. Selection of Lead Director: If the Chairman of the Board is not the Chief Executive
Officer, the Chairman of the Board shall be the lead director. If the Chairman of the Board is the
Chief Executive Officer, the Board may consider the election of an independent Board member as
a lead director.
10. Director Responsibilities: The fundamental role of the directors is to exercise their
business judgment to act in what they reasonably believe to be the best interests of the Company
and its shareholders. In fulfilling that responsibility, the directors should be able to rely on the
honesty and integrity of the Company’s senior management and expert legal, accounting, financial
and other advisors.
11. Directors Who Change Their Present Job Responsibility: It is the sense of the
Board that individual directors who change the principal occupation they held when they were
elected to the Board should volunteer to resign from the Board. It is not the sense of the Board
that the directors who change their principal occupation would necessarily leave the Board. There
should, however, be an opportunity for the Board to review the continued appropriateness of Board
membership under these circumstances.
12. Other Board Seats: A director should notify each of the Chairman of the Board and
the Corporate Secretary prior to accepting an invitation to serve on an additional public or private
company board.
13. Term Limits: Subject to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, directors
shall serve three year staggered terms. There is currently no limitation on the number of terms a
director may serve. While term limits could help ensure that there are fresh ideas and viewpoints
available to the Board, they hold the disadvantage of losing the contribution of directors who have
been able to develop, over a period of time, increasing insight into the Company and its operations
and, therefore, provide an increasing contribution to the Board as a whole. However, the
independent directors and the Chairman of the Board will review each director's continuation on
the Board annually. This will allow each director the opportunity to conveniently confirm his or
her desire to continue as a member of the Board.
14. Independence: It is the Company’s goal that the majority of its directors are
independent as that term is legally defined or mandated by the New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”). To be considered independent, the Board must determine that a director has no material
relationship with the Company (other than in his or her capacity as a director). To assist in
determining a director’s independence, the Company adopted the standards for director
independence in compliance with the NYSE’s corporate governance listing standards attached
hereto as Exhibit A and Exhibit C.
5
Adopted on May 17, 2006 (Amended on November 14, 2012, May 21, 2014, and amended further on November 16, 2022)15. Director Nomination Policy and Process: Attached to these guidelines as Exhibit
B is the Director Nomination Policy and Process for director nominees to the Board which has
been adopted by the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee (the “Nomination Policy”).
The Nomination Policy sets the minimum traits, abilities and experience that the Board looks for
in determining candidates for election to the Board.
16. Succession Planning: There should be available, on a continuing basis, the Chief
Executive Officer's recommendation as to his successor should the Chief Executive Officer be
unexpectedly disabled. There should be an annual report by the Chief Executive Officer to the
Board on succession planning.
17. Leadership Development: In addition to the succession planning annual report,
there should at the same time be a report on leadership development throughout the Management
organization by the Chief Executive Officer.
18. Strategic Plan: Every year the Board will review and approve a multi-year strategic
plan and a one-year operating plan for the Company.
19. Board Interaction with Institutional Investors, the Press, Etc.: The Board
believes that management speaks for the Company. Individual Board members may, from time
to time, meet or otherwise communicate with various constituencies that are involved with the
Company. It is expected that Board members will do so only with the knowledge of management,
and in most instances, at the request of management. In particular, any discussions with the media
(e.g., press, TV, etc.) concerning the Company should be first channeled through the CEO,
whenever practicable. The Company's directors should not accept any gift of value which
indicates an intent to influence improperly the normal business relationship between the Company
and any supplier, customer or competitor. Any discrepancy of the foregoing policies should be
reviewed by the Board via the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee.
20. Formal Evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer: The Compensation Committee
should submit to the independent directors annually at the close of the fiscal year an evaluation of
the Chief Executive Officer. After review, amendment and agreement by the independent
directors, the evaluation should be communicated to the Chief Executive Officer by the
independent directors. The evaluation should be based on objective criteria including performance
of the business, accomplishment of long term objectives, development of management, etc. The
independent director's final evaluation will be used by the Compensation Committee when
considering and recommending to the Board the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer.
21. Orientation and Continuing Education. The Board shall provide directors with
access to internal and external orientation programs and continuing education programs to ensure
that they have sufficient information about the Company and their duties.
6
Adopted on May 17, 2006 (Amended on November 14, 2012, May 21, 2014, and amended further on November 16, 2022)EXHIBIT A
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE STANDARDS
(As approved by the NYSE, effective September 11, 2008 and adopted by the Board of
Directors on November 19, 2008)
1. No director qualified as “independent” unless the board of directors affirmatively determines that
the director has no material relationship with Agilent or any of its subsidiaries (directly or as a
partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Agilent
or any of its subsidiaries must identify which directors are independent and disclose the basis for
that determination.
In addition, a director is not independent if:
2. The director is, or has been within the last three years, an employee of Agilent or any of its
subsidiaries, or an immediate family member1 is, or has been within the last three years, an
executive officer, of Agilent or any of its subsidiaries.
3. The director has received, or has an immediate family member who has received, during any
twelve-month period within the last three years, more than $120,000 in direct compensation from
Agilent or any of its subsidiaries, other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms
of deferred compensation for prior service (provided such compensation is not contingent in any
way on continued service).
4. (A) The director is a current partner or employee of a firm that is Agilent’s internal or external
auditor; (B) the director has an immediate family member who is a current partner of such a firm;
(C) the director has an immediate family member who is a current employee of such a firm and
personally works on Agilent’s audit; or (D) the director or an immediate family member was within
the last three years2 a partner or employee of such a firm and personally worked on Agilent’s or
any of its subsidiaries audit within that time.
5. The director or an immediate family member is, or has been within the last three years2, employed
as an executive officer of another company where any of Agilent’s or any of its subsidiaries’
current executive officers at the same time serves or served on that company’s compensation
committee.
6. The director is a current employee, or an immediate family member is a current executive officer,
of a company that has made payments to, or received payments from, Agilent or any of its
subsidiaries for property or services in an amount which, in any of the last three fiscal years,
exceeds the greater of $1 million, or 2% of such other company’s consolidated gross revenues.
1 “Immediate family member” includes a director’s spouse, parents, children, siblings, mothers and fathers-in-law,
sons, and daughters-in-law, brothers and sisters-in-law, and anyone (other than domestic employees) who shares a
director’s home.
2 The three-year look-back provisions are not applicable to the individuals who are no longer immediate family
members as a result of legal separation or divorce, or those who have died or become incapacitated.
Adopted on May 17, 2006 (Amended on November 14, 2012) (Exhibit A Amended on November 19, 2008)EXHIBIT B
DIRECTOR NOMINATION POLICY AND PROCESS
(As adopted by the Board of Directors on March 17, 2010)
To be considered by the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, a director nominee must
have:
• a reputation for personal and professional integrity and ethics
• executive or similar policy-making experience in relevant business or technology areas or
national prominence in an academic, government or other relevant field;
• breadth of experience;
• soundness of judgment;
• the ability to make independent, analytical inquiries;
• the willingness and ability to devote the time required to perform Board activities
adequately;
• the ability to represent the total corporate interests of Agilent; and
• the ability to represent the long-term interests of stockholders as a whole.
In addition to these minimum requirements, the Committee will also consider whether the
candidate’s skills are complementary to the existing Board members’ skills; the diversity of the
Board in factors such as age, experience in technology, manufacturing, finance and marketing,
international experience and culture; and the Board’s needs for specific operational, management or
other expertise.
Adopted on May 17, 2006 (Amended on November 14, 2012) (Exhibit B Amended on March 17, 2010)EXHIBIT C
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INDEPENDENCE STANDARDS
(As approved by the NYSE, effective July 1, 2013 and adopted by the Board of Directors
November 21, 2013)
In affirmatively determining the independence of any director who will serve on the compensation
committee of Agilent’s board of directors, the board of directors must consider all factors specifically
relevant to determining whether such director has a relationship to Agilent or any of its subsidiaries
which is material to such director's ability to be independent from management in connection with
the duties of a compensation committee member, including, but not limited to:
(A) the source of compensation of such director, including any consulting, advisory or other
compensatory fee paid by Agilent to such director; and
(B) whether such director is affiliated with Agilent, a subsidiary of Agilent or an affiliate of a
subsidiary of Agilent.
Adopted on May 17, 2006 (Amended on November 14, 2012) (Exhibit C Adopted on November 21, 2013)