Forward, Together
2019 Corporate Social ResponsibilityLetter from the President
Once again, I am proud that our team delivered a At Agilent, we have always believed in the power
year of growth and success in spite of significant of collaboration – working together to innovate
challenges. Our strong business model and and achieve the best results. We’ve also learned
outstanding team allowed us to shift, redirect that when we transfer this approach to working
and successfully address unexpected market externally – joining forces with customers,
changes, including the onset of the COVID-19 suppliers, educational institutions, nonprofits,
virus at the end of 2019. even similar businesses – our learnings and
results are greater than ever.
All totaled, we delivered award-winning products,
process improvements and service innovations; Let’s remember these lessons as we consider the
invested over $5 million in infrastructure massive sustainability issues our world is facing.
improvements to further reduce environmental
As individuals and as businesses, we must choose
impact; acquired two new companies; launched
wisely. Together, we are powerful.
three international research hubs; added three
Please join with us as we seek a safer and more
new solar installations, providing clean and
sustainable world.
renewable sources of energy; achieved sound
growth and earned awards and recognition,
including the highly respected number 1 rank
in Barron’s 100 Most Sustainable Companies.
Working together as One Agilent, we are fulfilling
Mike McMullen
our mission: to deliver trusted answers and President and Chief Executive Officer
insights that advance the quality of life. Agilent Technologies, Inc.
But as 2020* unfolded, we saw COVID-19 grow
into a pandemic. We were all reminded that that * As expected, this report will highlight our social responsibility work in 2019. Due
to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, our reporting was delayed and therefore,
everything in our lives – our families, our jobs, our we also address relevant activities in the first half of 2020.
businesses, our food supply, our health care –
can literally change overnight. The challenges
we have all faced have often seemed
insurmountable. However, by working together
we know we can achieve the impossible.
2 3About Agilent Technologies
Agilent Technologies Inc. (NYSE: A) is a global leader in life
sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets, delivering
insight and innovation toward improving the quality of life. Agilent
instruments, software, services, solutions and people provide
trusted answers to customers’ most challenging questions.
Whether we are working with our customers to keep food
supplies safe, improve the quality of air, water and soil, or fight
change
cancer with more precise diagnoses and targeted treatments,
picture
Agilent employees share a passion and commitment to
advancing the quality of life.
For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2019, Agilent business units include the Life Sciences and
Applied Markets Group, the Diagnostics and Genomics Group and the Agilent CrossLab Group.
• Life Sciences and Applied Markets provides application-focused solutions that include
instruments and software that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical
and biological properties of substances and products, as well as enable customers in the clinical
and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level.
• Diagnostics and Genomics is composed of six areas providing active pharmaceutical
ingredients (APIs) for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions that include reagents,
instruments, software and consumables which enable customers in the clinical and life sciences
research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level.
• Agilent CrossLab spans the entire lab with its extensive consumables and services portfolio,
which is designed to improve customer outcomes.
In addition, we provide centralized order fulfillment and supply chain operations resources
for manufacturing, engineering and strategic sourcing to our respective businesses. The order
fulfillment and supply chain organization (OFS), together with Agilent Technologies Research
Laboratories, is supported by our global infrastructure organization, which provides shared
services in the areas of finance, information technology, legal, certain procurement services,
workplace services and human resources.
4 5Forward, Together
Our Mission Our One Agilent Culture
To deliver trusted answers Life Science Tools
Gas and Liquid Chromatography
and insights that advance
Mass Spectrometry
the quality of life. We are a community
Atomic and Molecular Spectroscopy
Cell Analysis
We are inclusive as we lead, win and grow as one company.
Laboratory Management Software
We are diverse, passionate and driven to provide trusted answers.
Our Promise
$2.3B We embrace flexibility to balance work demand with personal life.
To deliver trusted answers to
our customers’ critical questions
We work collaboratively
and challenges – helping them
achieve superior outcomes Agilent CrossLab
We focus intensely on our customers to deliver differentiated outcomes.
in their laboratories, clinics, CrossLab Services
We lead in innovation and simplify continuously in all we do.
Chemistries and Consumables
organizations and the world
We act like owners with positive urgency.
Lab Enterprise Services
they seek to improve.
$1.8B
We develop continuously
Our Core Values
We openly recognize and learn from our wins and mistakes.
• Innovation and contribution
We welcome feedback and adapt, always developing ourselves and others.
Diagnostics & Genomics
• Trust, respect and teamwork We celebrate our achievements and share in the company’s success.
Genomics Solutions
• Uncompromising integrity Cancer Diagnostics
Therapeutic Oligonucleotides
• Speed
$1.0B
For more information, please see the 2019 Proxy Statement and Form 10-k.
• Focus
• Accountability
6 7Forward, Together
Sustainability
Specific Agilent Actions
statement
• Develop products designed to enhance the
Our Sustainability Guiding Principles
sustainability initiatives of our customers.
We strive to consistently improve our • Partner with our suppliers to operate sustainably
and drive full transparency from vendors regarding
sustainability in our operations, and
sustainable products and services.
also through our innovative products
• Continue to provide the most healthful and safe • Create employee work environments
and technologies that address complex
workspaces possible through sustainable renovations,
that are safe, healthful and conducive
issues in a sustainable way. operations and certifications.
to collaboration and innovation.
• Implement sustainability opportunities, identify metrics
Our mission is to provide trusted answers and insights
and track progress throughout our operations and
that advance the quality of life, and we believe that
supply chain; ensure compliance through a combination • Enable our customers to operate
sustainability is an important part of meeting that
of self and third-party audits and certifications.
mission. We are committed to being a good corporate more sustainably and address world
citizen, to acting responsibly in pursuit of our goals. • Continue to encourage and develop diversity and
challenges through the use of our
That means we must operate in a sustainable manner inclusion in our workforce, investing in programs that
and help others do the same. advance these principles. products and services.
This is nothing new for us. All of our actions are • Encourage employees to share their knowledge and
based on our long-standing values and achieved with talents in building sustainable communities by providing • Reduce environmental impact of our
uncompromising integrity. Our culture has always paid volunteer time off, matching their charitable
operations through resource conservation,
included respect for the contributions of every employee contributions and encouraging science education
in our global workforce. We support the communities through a variety of Agilent science programs. reducing our carbon footprint and waste.
in which we live and work and encourage employees
• Report on our sustainability practices and progress to
to share their time and talents to help others.
employees, investors and customers on a regular basis. • Drive consistent, responsible profit.
• Embrace diversity and inclusion in all
aspects of our business.
• Be an economic, intellectual and
sustainable leader in communities
and countries where we operate.
8 9Forward, Together
Agilent Enterprise In addition, we use tools such as the “General Specification Supply Chain
for the Environment” and our “Design for the Environment
Guidelines” to help minimize the environmental impacts of
Risk Management
product packaging. Agilent’s supply chain organizations are
chartered to provide optimal value-added
Materials declaration requirements
The Agilent Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program sourcing and procurement services that are:
provides a framework for identifying material risks across At Agilent, we require hazardous and restricted material
the company, determining ownership of the risk and composition data for purchased materials used in our
supporting the creation and maintenance of our business products, including parts procured on Agilent’s behalf by
Legal, accountable and auditable
continuity plan. It ensures adequate plans across key third parties, such as contract manufacturers, distributors
business flows, appropriate testing/drills and the and third-party logistics suppliers.
Ethically, environmentally and
availability of a central repository for documentation.
To meet the various requirements of our customers
socially responsible
and product chemical content restrictions imposed by
Quality Management System (QMS)
numerous country laws and regulations, Agilent must
Economically effective
QMS is built upon a quality policy aligned with our customer maintain material composition data on hazardous
expectations: Agilent earns customer loyalty by providing substances. Our company requests data about regulated ISO compliant
trusted answers through continuous improvement of hazardous substance content of materials in order to
products, services, and interactions of the highest quality trade in legal compliance worldwide – we do not ask
and greatest value. suppliers about other, non-regulated substances. Our Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain Organization (OFS)
Agilent’s General Specification for the Environment
To achieve this result, we will: centralizes all order fulfillment and supply chain operations
(GSE) consolidates all material restrictions into one
in our businesses. They provide resources for manufacturing,
• Ensure that all of our products comply with applicable
document, which covers environmental laws in the
engineering and strategic sourcing to our respective businesses.
safety and regulatory requirements.
Americas, Asia-Pacific and Europe.
Each of our businesses, together with OFS, is supported by
• Ensure our products meet or exceed their published
our global infra-structure organization, which provides shared
specifications. Information security approach
services in the areas of finance, information technology, legal,
• Maintain and continually improve the effectiveness The Agilent security program is based on industry workplace services and human resources.
of our product and service business management standards including ISO 27002 Code of Practice, NIST Agilent has been streamlining and improving its supply chain
systems to conform at a minimum to ISO9001 Quality and the COBIT 5 Framework. Our policies, standards and and manufacturing for the past several years. Among the
Management Standard or more stringent or legally operating procedures provide a comprehensive approach company’s innovations:
required standards as dictated by specific markets. to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and availability
• Four Centers of Excellence around the world focus on
• Continually monitor and improve customers’ total of the data and systems in our environment. Security is a
manufacturing, bioreagents, chemicals and logistics.
experience. company-wide priority and we continuously invest in our
• An online OFS Academy helps employees understand
people, processes and tools to strengthen our security
• Establish quality requirements for suppliers, partners
their role in the overall supply chain and align toward
posture to protect data for both Agilent and our customers.
and contractors and hold them accountable to comply.
common goals. The Academy recently added a School
To support our company-wide approach, we have a
• Treat customers in accordance with Agilent’s Standards of Digital Innovation.
dedicated IT Information Security and Risk Management
of Business Conduct and Privacy policies.
• The OFS Future Lab enables employees to contribute
(ISRM) department that is accountable for the following
suggestions and ideas related to emerging megatrends,
key areas:
Product environmental management such as artificial intelligence.
Policy, Standards and Operating Procedures
Agilent aims to minimize the environmental impact of To address potential disruption in our supply chain, we use a
our products and their packaging. We are committed • IT Compliance number of techniques, including qualifying multiple sources of
to conforming with applicable regulations related to the • Security Operations supply and redesign of products for alternative components.
Restricted Substances in Products. When a customer In addition, while we generally attempt to keep our inventory
• Risk Management
decides their business no longer needs a product, Agilent at minimal levels, we do purchase incremental inventory as
will take it back for reuse or ensure it is properly recycled. • Threat and Vulnerability Management circumstances warrant to protect the supply chain.
• Security Awareness
10 11Forward, Together
Committed to the Materiality Assessment:
Our commitment to the future
UN Sustainable
At Agilent, we believe that we have a responsibility beyond
making a profit; we are committed to advancing the quality
Development Goals
of life. Therefore, we must think long-term and consider the
needs of others as we make decisions.
It’s important to pause and analyze our situation – to
At Agilent, we have a long-standing history of commitment
understand the types of issues our business could
to sustainability. Last year, we declared alignment with
generate. We must analyze these potential influences in
the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
advance of any problems and determine which could have
(UN SDGs), which were launched in 2015, creating a
the most impact on our environment, communities and
blueprint for a better and more sustainable future for all.
business. When we understand the importance of these
Agilent’s work touches nearly all the UN SDGs, with specific
issues, we can better determine business priorities and
contributions to those shown on this page.
strengthen our positive impact on society.
Watch for these icons throughout this publication,
That’s why, in 2018, we laid the groundwork to begin
indicating how our work is contributing to specific goals.
our Materiality Assessment, completing the process in
2019. These results will continue to inform our evolving
sustainability strategy and our business planning until
our next Materiality Assessment in 2021. The chart below
illustrates the many ways Agilent impacts our environment,
our society and our economy.
The materiality matrix displays the 19 social, environmental
and governance issues that matter most to our stake-
holders and upon which we believe our business can
have the most impact. Agilent will continue to periodically
conduct assessments in the future to better inform our
business decisions.
Materiality Matrix
Ethical business conduct
Climate change & energy
Innovation
Product safety & quality
Market presence & pricing
High
Customer satisfaction
Community & giving
Labour practices Governance & leadership
IMPORTANCE TO Economic performance
Occupational health & safety Talent attraction & retention
STAKEHOLDERS Supply chain sustainability
Water & effluents Sustainable products
Waste management
& solutions
Moderate
Chemicals &
Air quality & other emissions hazardous materials
Diversity & inclusion
Moderate High
SIGNIFICANCE OF IMPACTS
12 KEY People Business integrity & prosperity Planet All themes 13Forward, Together
Key policies Stakeholder
engagement
Supplier Code of Conduct policy Employees
Our Supplier Code of Conduct policy states that we will not • CEO all-managers meetings provide business
establish or maintain a business relationship with a supplier if we updates with Q&A each quarter.
Agilent engages with a wide range of
believe that its practices violate local laws or basic international
• Agilent conducts an annual Leadership Survey
stakeholders on issues that affect the
principles relating to human rights, anti-corruption, bribery, labor
that allows employees to provide feedback
standards or environmental protection. We expect our suppliers company’s operations. During business
on leadership effectiveness.
– and their suppliers – to adhere to environmental and social planning, Agilent considers external
• Every employee has regular performance reviews
responsibility principles that are similar to those valued in Agilent.
charters, principles and guidelines. and discussions with immediate supervisors.
• Employee Coffee Talks are held to share business
Conflict Minerals policy We also participate in industry and trade groups at local,
updates and country-specific information and
regional, state, national and international levels to address
Agilent supports the goal of ending violence, human rights answer employee questions.
emerging issues; develop industry-wide approaches to
violations and environmental devastation in the Covered
environmental and social challenges; and cooperate with • Agilent holds an annual gathering of senior leaders.
Countries. We are committed to complying with all requirements
governments, non-governmental organizations and other
applicable to our company under the Conflict Minerals Rule. We
stakeholders on common concerns. Investors
are also committed to sourcing components and materials from
organizations that share our values around human rights, ethics Agilent meets all applicable laws, regulations and • Each quarter, Agilent conducts a financial results
and environmental responsibility. standards where we do business. Agilent engages conference call that presents analysts and investors
with our stakeholders through consultation, surveys, with an opportunity to ask questions and share
ad-hoc feedback and reviews: concerns with the CEO and CFO.
Quality policy
• At Agilent’s annual shareholder meeting, all attendees
We earn customer loyalty by providing products and services of
Customers are presented with the opportunity to ask questions of
the highest quality and greatest value.
our CEO, executive staff members and members of the
• When customers engage with Agilent in any manner,
Board of Directors.
including face to face, on the phone or digitally, Agilent’s
Political activities goal, across all key touchpoints, is to ensure that they • If analysts and institutional investors are unable to
Agilent may contribute to dialogue and decision-making on public have a delightful experience that delivers on Agilent meet directly with our CEO, CFO or Treasurer, then
policies affecting the company, our employees and operations. Trusted Answers, our brand promise. they can rely on regular contact with our Investor
Relations department.
• Over the past year we have made significant
improvements to the customer experience:
Anti-Corruption policy
Suppliers
• Introduced an automatic notification system
One of Agilent’s most important company assets is our
that confirms when a product is ordered and • Agilent’s relationships with suppliers are of great
reputation for ethical behavior, honesty and fair dealing.
shipped, and utilizes a real-time tracker for delivery strategic importance.
Agilent’s anti-corruption policy incorporates the common
information.
elements of anti-corruption laws and regulations worldwide • Agilent generates strong results from carefully
that apply to Agilent’s business. • Provided easier and more complete access to choosing the correct suppliers, and then working
site preparation guidance for customers closely with them in specific areas to improve
Agilent’s policies and practices are consistent with many
purchasing instruments. quality and productivity.
internationally accepted charters and principles. For more
information, please see p. 24. • Faster delivery time and online purchase options • The basic strategy for establishing these good working
for consumables to improve customer purchase relationships is through the establishment of mutual
and delivery experience. performance expectations and measures. Agilent also
expects its suppliers to adhere to the quality, product
• Reduced the time it takes to schedule service.
regulatory, social responsibility and environmental
principles that are core to our company.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
14 15
6 9 12 13 15Forward, Together
Sustainability highlights
$5 Million
Globally 5 existing on-site solar photovoltaic
invested in systems amounted to a net offset of
sustainability
623 CO2 emissions
initiatives in 2019
reduction in
Solar photovoltaic generation has offset
11
site carbon
annual Greenhouse Gas Emissions by nearly %
footprint
3000 MT
since FY15 since FY14
GOAL 1 GOAL 2
1% energy reduction each year 95% solid waste diversion
My Green Lab
Analytica
from landfill by end of 2020
5% by 2019
Agilent is earning the highly
conference
respected Accountability, 10% by 2024
ON TARGET
Consistency and Transparency
First planned carbon neutral event 85% of solid waste diversion
(ACT) label on products BELOW TARGET for kWh/sq. ft.
from landfill
which was 3.2%
94% of total waste generated
ON TARGET with 18% reduction
globally diverted from landfill
in kWh/headcount in 2019
GOAL 3 GOAL 4
2% water reduction per year 1% CO2e reduction per year
10% reduction by 2019 5% reduction by 2019
20% by 2024 10% by 2024
BELOW TARGET for m3/sq. ft. ABOVE TARGET
which was 4%
with 17% reduction by sq. ft.
ON TARGET with 19% reduction and 30% reduction by
by headcount in 2019 headcount in 2019
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
16 17
8 9 10Forward, Together
16,300* employees
serving customers
Business highlights
in 110 countries
R&D and/or
Manufacturing sites
2019 Revenue Over Approximately
USA (California, Colorado,
Delaware, Massachusetts,
$5.16 Billion $7.5 million 8% of revenue
Texas), Australia, Belgium,
China, Denmark, Germany,
5% reported revenue donated to universities, invested in Research & Italy, Japan, Malaysia,
Netherlands, Singapore
growth and 5% increase hospitals, research and Development every year
and the United Kingdom
in core revenue charitable organizations
Logistics Centers
Earnings per share China, Denmark, Germany,
600+ India, Italy, Japan, Malaysia,
of $3.37, up 247% 3,000+ Headquarters
Singapore and the U.S., plus
year over year Active published additional regional hubs. Santa Clara, CA
issued patents
patent applications
worldwide *approximately
2019
Acquired two companies: BioTek Instruments, Inc. and ACEA Biosciences, Inc.
86% 87%
Leadership
Survey
Product innovation highlights
of employees would of employees intend
recommend Agilent as to stay at Agilent
a great place to work
Magnis
32.6
38.6%
average hours of
of full-time employees
employee training
are female
per employee
LC/Mass Spec 8890 Gas Chromatograph
Detector iQ
Agilent CrossLab Smart Alerts
Related UN Sustainable Development Goal
18 19
9Forward, Together
Recognition and Awards
Barron's Management Best Employers Employer 93% CEO
Most Sustainable Top 250 for Diversity Excellence Award Approval Rating
Company
Wall Street Journal Forbes Malaysia Employee Federation 4.0 rating, Glassdoor
#1 in 2019
#3 in 2018
Just 100 List Best Employers Best Family Friendly Learning!
for New Grads Management 100 Award
Industry Leader
Forbes
for Life Sciences
Forbes Korea Minister of Gender eLearning Magazine
Tools and Services Equity & Family
AAA Rating
Best Mid-Size Talent Payback
Dow Jones
Sustainability Rankings MSCI ESG Employers Healthiest of the Year Award
by RobecoSAM Workplaces
Forbes SCM World,
World’s Best
AIA Malaysia A Gartner Company
EcoVadis Employers
Best Workplaces
Gold rating for Forbes Cycle Friendly Best in Class
sustainability performance, Employer Contact Center
China, Germany, Singapore,
three consecutive years
Spain, GPTW Institute
America’s Best
Denmark Training & Development
Employers Program, Customer
Best Corporate
for Women Best Workplaces Contact Week Awards
Citizens
for Women 90th Percentile
Forbes
Corporate Responsibility
Greater China, Employee Engagement,
Magazine
GPTW Institute Perceptyx
20 21Forward, Together
Our markets
Agilent serves customers in 110 countries, focusing on six key markets Diagnostics Chemical and energy
where we help our customers achieve their goals. These markets Agilent gives doctors a head start in the fight against The natural gas and petroleum refining markets use
provide a n estimated $52B opportunity, growing 3-5% annually. cancer and other diseases. Our solutions help pathology Agilent products to measure and control the quality of
laboratories deliver fast, accurate information to the their finished products and to verify the environmental
doctors, hospitals and medical centers they serve. safety of their operations. Petroleum refiners use our
We help medical professionals make more accurate measurement solutions to analyze crude oil composition,
diagnoses so patients can receive the most perform raw material analysis, verify and improve refining
Pharma Chemical & Energy Clinical & Diagnostics effective therapies. processes and ensure the overall quality of gasoline, fuels,
$16B $4B $11B lubricants and other products. Our solutions are used in
TAM* TAM* TAM* the development, manufacturing and quality control of
Environmental and forensics
fine chemicals and other industrial applications such as
Market #2 Market #1 Market #2-3
Position Position Position From pesticides to pharmaceutical residues to trace materials analysis. Agilent also helps energy researchers
metals, we provide fast, accurate and sensitive methods investigate biofuels, renewable fuels and other forms of
for monitoring contaminants affecting the quality of alternative energy.
life. Agilent solutions also play an important role in law
enforcement by providing robust tools and instruments
Academic & Government Food Environmental & Forensics Research
to analyze and verify evidence at trial.
$11B $5B $5B
Most life sciences and diagnostics research is done
TAM* TAM* TAM*
at top-tier universities, with funding from governments
Food
Market #2 Market #2 Market #1 around the world. Agilent is helping these researchers learn
Position Position Position Agilent helps ensure our global food supply is free more about cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes,
of contaminants, whether chemical, viral, bacterial or Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, autism and other conditions. Our
microbiological. Our customers include government instruments, software and sample preparation solutions
*TAM = Total Available Market. Market size per 2019 Company estimates. regulators and labs that control food safety, as well as help scientists conduct faster, more accurate research.
private companies that produce, package and sell
food to the public.
Pharmaceutical
Agilent has one of the broadest solutions
portfolios of any company serving the
pharmaceutical industry. Our solutions
provide precise answers for every segment
of the pharmaceutical industry, from
disease research and drug discovery to
drug development, manufacturing and
quality control. The start-to-finish solution
set means customers can get products to
market faster. Customers trust us to help
them test the purity of their therapeutics,
and Agilent also ensures that their
instruments and processes conform to
the highest compliance.
22 23Forward, Together
Good governance • Agilent managers are responsible for promoting identify errors and potential fraud. Tests are performed complementary mergers and acquisitions to augment
awareness of and enforcing compliance with the policy periodically throughout the year, ensuring that all our core growth, geographic penetration in high-growth
among their reports at all levels and must not actively transactions in an identified population are reviewed markets, and digital innovation to transform the way
or passively authorize or ignore corrupt activities in during the year. we work inside and outside the company.
Agilent is led by a chief executive officer
their organization.
and overseen by a board of directors. • Agilent runs multiple tests on data including purchase • Agilent invests approximately 8% of its annual
• Employees who violate the policy will be subject to orders, payables, vendor data, customer data, sales revenue in R&D, and over the next three years,
The current four committees of the
disciplinary action, which may include termination orders, expense reports, site access, etc. we expect to invest more than $1 billion.
board are:
of employment. No employee will suffer adverse
• Agilent policy forbids anti-competitive behavior, antitrust, • In fiscal 2019 we continued our tradition of introducing
consequences for refusing to offer or make a corrupt
and monopoly practices and in the current reporting highly differentiated solutions to help our customers
payment even if it may result in the loss of business.
period, there was no legal action for antitrust and anti- advance their work. Our innovation also extends to
Audit and Finance
• During the reporting period, 100 percent of all Agilent competitive behavior. how we meet our business goals.
business units were analyzed for risks related to
Compensation • More than 50% of our Agilent CrossLab Group
corruption and 100 percent of management and Interactions with competitors consumables orders are digital. E-commerce
non-management employees in all locations were
Executive initiatives are making it easier for customers to
• Never agree with a competitor or potential competitor
required to receive anti-corruption training.
do business with Agilent.
(including our own channel partners) to set the terms
Nominating / Corporate Governance • Agilent has a formal process for investigating and
on which Agilent and its competitor will compete, or • We are also investing in the digital lab of the future.
resolving allegations of corruption should they occur.
whether or not they will compete. Even the appearance Informatics is a strategic differentiator for Agilent.
of an agreement may be unlawful. We are bringing to market technologies that help
The board selects the chief executive officer in accordance Agilent complies with: our customers leverage their data for even more
• Never discuss or exchange pricing information with any
with the company’s bylaws and other applicable policies.
insights and discoveries.
• The laws and regulations of each country where competitor or potential competitor.
Information on Agilent’s governance structure can be
Agilent conducts business. • Our mergers and acquisitions strategy complements
found on our Investor Relations website. • Never allocate customers or bids between Agilent and
organic growth by bringing new capabilities and unique
• The laws and regulations of the United States, another company, or agree that Agilent or its competitor
Agilent has 11 board members, 10 of whom are
offerings to the company. Our One Agilent approach to
including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. will provide complementary bids to give the appearance
independent directors. Agilent has adopted the standards
integration fully leverages our scale to drive revenue
of actual competition.
for director independence in compliance with the NYSE’s • Other international anti-corruption laws and
and create cost synergies.
corporate governance listing standards. See details here. regulations, including the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 • To work to better understand the rules governing
• In 2019, Agilent acquired 100 percent of the stock
and the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention, to which interactions with competitors.
of ACEA Biosciences Inc. (ACEA), a developer of
38 countries are signatories.
Anti-corruption
cell analysis tools, for $250 million.
• Agilent’s policies and procedures. Economic performance
• In addition, we completed the acquisition of
Agilent does business directly or indirectly in over
• Agilent’s Standards of Business Conduct.
110 countries around the globe, each of which has its • Our One Agilent cultural transformation promotes privately-owned Lionheart Technologies LLC
own unique laws, customs and business practices. greater collaboration across the company and has (BioTek), a leader in the design, manufacture and
Agilent requires its employees and business partners in all Anti-competitive behavior made it easier for customers to do business with us. distribution of innovative life science instrumentation,
for $1.17 billion. The financial results of these
geographies to conduct their affairs with uncompromising • Our Agile Agilent business system and
• Agilent understands that commitment to ensuring businesses have been included in our financial
integrity and will not tolerate corrupt activities of any kind. associated initiatives are driving continual
compliance to these laws is salient to participating in results from the date of the close.
Agilent maintains a written policy against corruption that operational improvements.
the global marketplace.
prohibits promising, offering or giving to, or receiving from,
• Revamped research and development programs and
• Agilent is committed to competing vigorously and fairly Defined benefit plan obligations and other
any individual anything of value or personal benefit with
execution of our mergers and acquisitions strategy
in all markets in which we do business. We place the retirement plans
the expectation of receiving a favor, a grant of business, or
are building an even stronger portfolio, focused on
highest importance on maintaining compliance with
any other business advantage in return. Such actions are Percentage of salary contributed by employee and
customer-centric products and solutions.
competition laws globally.
sometimes referred to as bribes, kickbacks or improper employer vary by country. Separate funds exist in some
• Agilent serves large, attractive markets where growth is
quid pro quos. • Evaluation is completed by the continuous Audit countries to pay the plan’s pension liabilities. For details of
fueled by investments to improve the human condition.
team which uses audit software, IDEA and Tableau, to Agilent’s material plans, please see the Agilent Form 10-K.
• Agilent’s anti-corruption policy incorporates the
conduct semi-automated analysis of large populations • Agilent is focused on four key growth drivers to continue
common elements of anti-corruption laws and
of Agilent data in order to control deviations, and our momentum: innovation from our R&D engine,
regulations worldwide that apply to Agilent’s business.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goal
24 25
8Forward, Together
Indirect economic impacts Energy Other sustainability-driven projects include the substitution of some of Agilent’s
u
ction
d
vacuum pumps with a new dry scroll pump range that does not use any oil, r e
• Our products are found in leading research and teaching Agilent has identified energy use as one of its significant
%
eliminating oil consumption and waste.
laboratories. Our global connection to academia also and material environmental impacts. 0
2
includes educational support, recruitment of top s
• Approximately 80% of Agilent’s site energy footprint ar
university talent and philanthropy. Water y e
is reported from the sites that are included in its 0
1
• Through our Thought Leader Program, Agilent supports annual analysis of energy use and carbon emissions. Water use has been identified as one of Agilent’s globally over the n
ext
scientific advancements by leading researchers around significant environmental aspects. The company has established
• Agilent has invested in over 5 Megawatts of solar
the world. We also contribute through financial support a target of 20% reduction in normalized municipal water
photovoltaic (PV) power and new energy fuel
and providing products and expertise for research in the consumption over the next 10 years from an FY14 baseline.
server technology. • YTD global total (municipal
life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets.
• Energy consumed in FY 2019 was approximately consumption): -4% normalized
146,000 MWh (525,000 GJ). Water withdrawal by source by operational sq.ft against the
Our environment
FY14 baseline:
Agilent integrates climate change into its business Reductions in energy requirements of Water withdrawal 1000 m3 2019 2018 2017 • By Region: AP: +2%;
strategy in several ways. products and services EU: -5%; US: -3%
Ground water 136 157 173
• First, Agilent has an active sustainability program
Agilent is working on improving the energy efficiency of • YTD global total (municipal
in which our ISO14001 environmental management
selected products/product families including instruments Municipal water supplies or other consumption): -13% normalized
347 341 311
system is engaged to drive operations to monitor
with high energy consumption. Associated benefits for this water utilities by site headcount against the
and reduce our environmental impacts from energy
sustainability focus include reductions in carbon footprint, FY14 baseline:
consumption and the associated CO2 emissions. Total water withdrawal (volume) 483 498 484
water use, waste and chemicals.
• By Region: AP: -18%;
• Secondly, Agilent recognizes that having a reputation
For example, our new Agilent Intuvo 9000 Gas Normalized withdrawal (m3/site sq ft) 0.137 0.141 0.145 EU: -18%; US: -17%
as an environmental leader is a competitive advantage.
Chromatography (GC) system made significant energy
This allows Agilent to attract and retain the best and reductions compared to the predecessor instruments, now • Groundwater is extracted from our
brightest employees, obtain and maintain business using nearly half the power of a regular GC. The employed sites in Turin (113,000 m3) and
from other companies who choose suppliers with direct heating technology is a much faster and more Emission Manesar (23,000 m3).
strong environmental practices, and attract investors
efficient way to do GC and can run methods faster, in half
Agilent’s only direct emissions are the arisings from the on-site • Most Agilent sites do not withdraw
interested in the same.
the space (footprint), with using less than half the power
combustion of fuel for heating or local electricity generation. water from sources that are
• Supplier selection and procurement decisions are also normally required.
significantly affected by withdrawal.
influenced by climate change considerations. Since
This adds to and aligns with our strategy from previous
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
2004, Agilent has had in place a Supplier Environmental
years, that most of the energy savings achieved are based
Social Responsibility (ESR) Code of Conduct, which
on two key factors:
GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2e 2019 2018 2017
we use to evaluate existing and potential suppliers on
• The increased type and volume of tests that can be
factors including adoption of sound environmental
conducted, thus increasing tests per watt. Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 9,192 7,518 8,195
practices and conformance with relevant laws,
regulations and international principles. • Enhanced existing product features, thus bringing more
measurement capabilities to the same product footprint.
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions by gas (CO2e) 2019 2018 2017
Another great example of Agilent’s sustainable innovation
is the 4210MP optical emission spectrometer that is
CO2 7,693 6,317 6,908
the perfect alternative to the traditional flame Atomic
Absorption Spectroscopy (AAS) technique. This
CH4 239 191 205
instrument runs on air instead of combustible gases,
leaving a much lower energy and carbon footprint.
N2O 1,260 1,010 1,082
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
26 27
12 13 15Forward, Together
Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Nitrous oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (Sox) and other significant air emissions
Agilent has been reporting direct NO2 emissions since FY15.
GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2e 2019 2018 2017
2019 2018 2017
Gross location-based indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 39,735 54,350 51,291
NOx emissions (MT) 1,260 1,010 1,082
Total direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 9,192 7,518 8,195
NOx intensity: factored against base figure: MT / Sq.ft. 0.000330 0.000265 0.00030
Total (Scope 1) + (Scope 2) GHG emissions 48,927 61,868 59,486
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Effluents and waste
Waste is identified as one of Agilent’s significant Environmental Aspects. In FY19, the overall global waste
GHG emissions in metric tons CO2e 2019 2018 2017
diversion (from landfill) goal was 95% and Agilent narrowly missed this target, diverting 94.1% of all its
wastes from landfill.
Gross other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 169,001 153,589 151,547
Environmental compliance
GHG emissions intensity Agilent operates an Environmental Management System (EMS) and strategic sites operate under a
single company-wide externally endorsed certificate. The EMS provides a structure for identifying and
Scope 1+2 CO2e 2019 2018 2017 mitigating Agilent’s environmental risks. The systematic identification of its significant aspects and impacts,
implementation of controls, measurement of performance, and the setting of improvement objectives
GHG emissions intensity ratio: MT of CO2e per site square footage 0.01283 0.01623 0.01627 ensures that Agilent continues to operate in an environmentally sustainable manner.
A key part of this process is the identification of significant environmental aspects and impacts.
Agilent’s Environmental (EHS) Policy outlines a fundamental corporate commitment to reductions in
Reduction of GHG emissions
pollution (emissions) and conservation of resources (energy) and drives operations to meet long-term
environmental sustainability goals.
2019 2018 2017
Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations
Total GHG reductions metric tons CO2e 52 5,704 4,490
In FY19, Agilent reported zero alleged regulation compliance violations and accordingly there were
no monetary fines or penalties.
Projects commenced in FY19 and due to be operational in early
2,141
FY20: Expected CO2e reduction (MT)
Emission of ozone-depleting substances (OOS)
Agilent does not use, produce, import or export Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS)
prohibited under the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer.
Agilent uses very small amounts in the formulation of analytical standards which are largely
used as references by analytical labs in the pursuit of their detection in the environment.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
28 29
12 13 15Forward, Together
Our products Sustainable practices
At Agilent, we continue to dedicate Sharing insights, partnering with a leadership organization in sustainability
8% of our revenue each year to
In the spirit of partnership – working with even more people, groups and businesses to
funding innovations in Research
build a sustainable world – Agilent took several steps forward in 2019.
and Development.That consistent
• We have added an important new section to our website: How Corporations Can Help Shape a More
commitment continues to deliver Sustainable World. We address the pillars of sustainability, the United Nations Sustainable Development
Goals and more. We are working to help educate all people – customers, businesses and consumers –
innovative new products that
about sustainability and how we can all take steps to begin making a difference.
are making a difference:
• In addition, Agilent has recently become a top-level sponsor of My Green Lab, a nonprofit organization
dedicated to improving sustainability of scientific laboratories. This infographic details the breadth
LC/Mass Spec Detector iQ and depth of the sustainability challenges facing this industry – underscoring the importance of
supporting the work of My Green Lab.
This Single running anywhere in the lab. The Remote Assist feature
Quadrupole mass allows users to immediately send a service request to
detector for Liquid Agilent. All these capabilities are designed to deliver
Chromatography was reduced downtime and sustained instrument performance.
developed specifically
for chemists and
Magnis
chromatographers
These values are graded on a scale
This new benchtop instrument provides a complete
who will benefit from of 1-10, with 1 indicating the least
system for next-generation sequencing (NGS) library environmental impact and 10 indicating
the intuitive design
the highest environmental impact
preparation. Fully automated, it self-detects and tunes,
and greater level of
This category is either yes or no
and delivers reproducible results, making it easy to assay Detailed scoring explanations
confidence in results
multiple genes and complex genetic aberrations from for each category are outlined
that come with in the verification guide for
genomic DNA including degraded samples. Magnis
mass detection. It each category
requires minimal NGS expertise to run and enables labs
can quickly confirm
compounds and to perform complex NGS sample preparations with the These values represent actual daily
press of a button. Silver award for Most Innovative New consumption and apply only to equipment
provide more specificity and selectivity than a
Product in Genomics by Life Science Industry Awards.
UV detector, even for compounds that are
chromatographically unresolved. Named Best New The sum total of all values
equals the Environmental
Spectroscopy Product by Analytical Scientist and 8890 Gas Chromatograph A lower number indicates a lower
Impact Factor
The Medicine Maker 2019 Innovation Awards. overall environmental impact
This system delivers fast and accurate results with flexible ACT labels are valid for two
years from the date of issue
configuration capabilities to address specific analysis
Agilent CrossLab Smart Alerts demands. When results are critical and instrument
operation is a must, the 8890 exceeds expectations for
This software easily installs on any PC in the lab and
uptime and accuracy, every time. Built-in intelligence
helps increase instrument/lab productivity. No Internet
enables remote connectivity and the autonomous, user- “We hope that our partnership with My Green Lab will encourage more businesses
connection is required. It monitors instrument health
and provides email-based alerts, notifying users when to initiated system checks system health, alerting users to to commit to this cause. Sustainability must be a priority element in science and
potential issues and suggesting solutions. Named Best
consider replacing key consumables, when to perform the scientific community. I’m proud of Agilent’s leadership in collaborating with
Spectroscopy Product by Scientists’ Choice Awards.
preventive maintenance, and when an instrument stops
My Green Lab and bringing these practices to analytical instrumentation.”
– Darlene Solomon, Chief Technology Officer
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
30 31
9 12Forward, Together
Sustainable packaging:
Working to close the loop
With millions of products shipped daily in Eberhard Obreiter, Software & DataSystem manufacturing Starting cold and staying cold: not easy
boxes, crates and more, sustainability in engineer, and the Agilent team in Germany are leading the
Temperature-controlled shipments are still an industry-wide
packaging is more important than ever. switch from plastic packaging to paper-based packaging
issue. We continue to research and test alternatives to
for their software and data system components (such
expanded polystyrene (EPS) coolers used in sites that
Taking a team approach as instructional DVDs and thumb drives), eliminating
ship products that must be kept at specific temperatures.
120,000 plastic boxes shipped each year.
To drive more sustainable packaging at Agilent, Nick Valerio,
The work for these teams is challenging because there’s
packaging engineer from the New Product Introduction
almost always room for improvement.
Team in Santa Clara, California, is leading Agilent‘s Repurposing waste and moving
Incubator for Environmental Sustainability and Global to recyclable materials
Packaging teams. These teams are exploring
Incubator teams continue to
and implementing many packaging solutions.
conduct experiments with
Like most companies, Agilent uses filler in our packing
One important topic being addressed: the use of bio-based, repurposing lab plastic
process to prevent damage during shipping. Our team
not fossil-based, plastics. The world produces more than waste into 3D printer filaments,
in Penang, Malaysia, has begun replacing plastic-based
400 million tons of plastics every year. Half of that is from which could be used globally
styrofoam peanut-shaped filler with Kraft paper.
plastic packaging and only 9% of it gets recycled, so a at Agilent sites for prototyping.
sustainable solution in this category would be a Filaments that can’t be used
significant improvement. internally would be dedicated to
social enterprises. According to
estimates, the world’s bioscience
labs generate as much as 5.5 million
metric tons of waste annually,
so repurposing lab plastic waste
could truly have a global impact.
“Even when we introduce an
improvement, we continue to
look for better ways. We’re very
The team’s initial efforts
proud of the forward-looking
have saved about 530 lbs.
research and testing that we
in styrofoam peanut usage.
are doing, and we hope to add
more improvements as we learn.
Ultimately, we would love to
Paper is preferred
see all packaging everywhere,
In the coming year, Agilent’s Global Packaging Team
from every company, become
Coming soon: Sustainability info on product labels will evaluate the use and implementation of sustainable
paper-based filler at all of Agilent’s manufacturing and 100% sustainable.”
This year, Agilent started the process of having our instruments independently audited to
logistics sites.
achieve the Accountability, Consistency and Transparency (ACT) label. This respected label
– Nick Valerio, packaging engineer from
provides information about the environmental impact of manufacturing, and the use and disposal In the U.S., Agilent eliminated the use of plastic foams in
the New Product Introduction Team
of a product and its packaging. This empowers buyers to make better-informed, sustainable over 25% of our packaging in 2019. For the packages that
choices. Samples of Agilent labels can be seen here, with more to come in the near future. still required the use of foam, we implemented the use of
a foam that contains 60% - 100% recycled content.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
32 33
9 12 13Forward, Together
Supplier teamwork: observing, Manufacturing team improves
suggesting, improving results for all efficiency, provides jobs for
people with disabilities
Agilent is proud to be an active collaborator with
customers and suppliers. At times, the actual
Last year, the manufacturing team for the Biomolecular
help we provide may be as simple as a minor
Analysis Division in Waldbronn, Germany was challenged
suggestion, but sometimes those small things
to convert an existing assembly line to include a new,
can lead to great results.
additional product without adding any production space.
For example, in 2019, we were working with a supplier Line Supervisor Christian Scharf asked his team to gather
whose product packaging shipments were creating all the problems they were facing, asking a simple question:
minor labor and quality issues on our end. What slows you down in your daily work?
The Logistics Inventory Storage (LFS) team in Little Falls, The cross-functional teams started brainstorming and
Delaware noticed that products were packed too loosely, then developed an “Ease and Impact” matrix to simplify the
causing movement during transportation and higher rates problems. As the team started identifying improvements,
of damage. The oversized packaging also required extra it decided to focus on assembling devices and improving
storage space on shelves. processes instead of interrupting its work to prepare one
small but essential part.
Agilent team members discussed the issue with LFS
Procurement, and our buyer noticed that the packaging
also led to excess freight costs. The solution? The team decided to outsource
that task and support an important community
organization at the same time.
Details make the difference
Agilent was already working with Lebenshilfe BBA, a
Working with Logistics, the Procurement team inspected
nonprofit organization that provides employment
the original packaging of each item, took dimensional
opportunities for people with disabilities. The new Agilent
and weight measurements, and noted issues in
work was awarded to Lebenshilfe BBA and today, many
the current designs. Then the team reached out to
of its members are proud to be earning paychecks for
the supplier to discuss learnings and team up to
their hard work, preparing small, important parts for
determine potential solutions.
use in one of Agilent’s analytical instruments.
Americas Logistics, Category Management, and
Procurement Engineering collaborated with our supplier
to develop new, more efficient packaging and shipment-
lot quantities for 37 different part numbers.
The supplier happily made the packaging improvements,
which, in the long run, helped their business and saved
Agilent over $100,000.
The best result
After right-sizing packaging and reducing shipping weight,
those products are now more sustainable for all end-users.
The workers of Lebenshilfe BBA, a nonprofit that provides jobs for the disabled,
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals are now assembling small parts for our site in Waldbronn, Germany.
34 35
8 9Forward, Together
Energy outlook: brighter every day Analytica: Agilent plans its first In addition, in September, we
supported the planting of 200 trees
carbon neutral event
Clean energy clearly has a bright future at Agilent. In 2019,
in the Great Rift Valley as part of The Calculating Agilent’s future
we increased our commitment to clean, reusable energy
Analytica – considered the world’s leading trade fair for Kenya Reforestation project, which carbon footprint at Analytica
with the addition of three new solar sites that will provide a
laboratory technology, analysis and biotechnology – also helped provide employment for
total carbon offset of 277 metric tons.
presents a massive business opportunity for Agilent. impoverished people. Agilent partnered with Carbon Footprint Ltd., which offers a
• In Middelburg, the Netherlands, a 120-kilowatt solar
But with well over 1,000 exhibitors vying for attention, The planning team was thrilled to see great range of carbon offset projects meeting international
photovoltaic rooftop system was completed in May
how would Agilent stand out? photos of our actual tree planting event, standards as well as the Quality Assurance for Carbon
2019. It is now generating about 108.000 kWh of
First, by starting well in advance. Work on this event began complete with workers wearing Agilent Offsetting standards.
power per year.
in early 2019, when Agilent’s marketing experts decided the t-shirts, and excited to use these Based on data provided by Agilent, Carbon Footprint Ltd.
• The Lexington, Massachusetts, site started on a best approach would be to play to our strengths, as well as images at Analytica. developed an initial estimate of 20.23 tons of carbon dioxide
660-kilowatt solar photovoltaic carport system in
to market needs. Our booth theme became “Better Results, that would be emitted by our Analytica participation. To
2019, which was completed in January 2020. This
Sustainably Inspired.” Along came COVID-19 ensure that our attendance would be carbon neutral, we
project will reduce annual energy usage by more
volunteered to offset 10 times more than that estimate.
But planners decided they wanted to do even more to stand
than 32%, while providing covered parking and Due to the global onset of
out. They couldn’t overlook the fact that while promoting
stormwater management. COVID-19, the Analytica conference The carbon footprint assessment included:
sustainability, their attendance would negatively impact the
transitioned to a virtual event and
• A new solar photovoltaic carport for Singapore is • Site energy consumption (estimated)
environment – especially carbon emissions – by travelling
rescheduled for October 2020.
one of the largest business-owned solar installations to the event and shipping all the necessary materials. • Hotel stays
While the team was initially
in the country. It is expected to reduce our carbon
The team hired Carbon Footprint Ltd. to lead an initiative • Car travel to and from events
disappointed, they translated
footprint by approximately 1.5 million tons. Started
that would offset the unavoidable carbon emissions,
in 2019, the site went live in early 2020. their plans for an on-site booth • Air travel to and from events
making Agilent’s participation at Analytica a
to a strong virtual presence.
These three new solar installations are in addition to our • Taxi travel during events
carbon-neutral event.
The group plans to continue
impressive BioTek solar facilities, which are expected to • Freight transportation
responsible event organization,
offset 100% of the site’s annual electricity costs well into
going paperless and plastic-free,
the future. They rely on a five-acre, 500-kilowatt solar farm
and partnering with environmentally
in Whiting, Vermont and an 88-kilowatt photovoltaic solar
conscious vendors.
energy installation in Milton, Vermont.
Second Bloom energy
fuel server powers up
Agilent’s commitment to sustainability took another major
step forward in 2019 as our second Bloom energy fuel
server powered up, this time in Little Falls, Delaware. The
innovative 1.3-megawatt system converts natural gas into
electricity by chemical reaction rather than combustion. It
provides about 80% of Little Falls’ site power, generates no
emissions of smog, nitrogen dioxide (NO2) or sulfur dioxide
(SO2), and offsets carbon dioxide emissions by about
3,500 metric tons per year. This is the equivalent of taking From the Amazon rainforest to the
about 757 passenger vehicles off the road, while saving Great Rift Valley, Kenya
Agilent $1.2 million in electricity costs over 15 years.
Through Carbon Footprint Ltd., Agilent donated money
in support of the Verified Carbon Standard project in the
Amazon, the world’s largest remaining rainforest, in Brazil.
This project works to prevent deforestation, and is expected
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals to avoid the consequences of over 22 million tons of
6 8 13 15 carbondioxide equivalent greenhouse gas emissions,
over a 40-year period.
36 37Forward, Together
Hangzhou, China
Our operations
Three international R&D hubs opened
Our Business Growth
Agilent made substantial investments in the business in 2019, supporting Agilent also invested in opening three international
research and development (R&D) hubs in 2019
both growth and research and development (R&D) capabilities.
These top tier sites will facilitate global partnerships,
Singapore
collaboration and research among scientists, clinicians NUS and NUH
and industry partners, accelerating outcomes and
Acquisitions
improving the quality of life.
• Agilent partnered with the National University of
Singapore (NUS) and National University Hospital
(NUH) to establish Singapore’s first integrated
translational R&D hub: the NUS-Agilent Hub for
Translation and Capture.
• Working together, this team will use biochemical
In August, we finalized the purchase
and analytical innovation and research
Early in our fiscal year, Agilent of BioTek Instruments, a global data bioinformatics to develop new mass
spectrometry clinical methods, initially focusing
announced the acquisition of ACEA leader in the design, manufacture
on cardiovascular disease and diabetes, with
Biosciences, Inc., a developer of and distribution of innovative life
broader metabolic disorders and predictive
Ireland
cutting-edge cell analysis tools. science instrumentation. The BioTek bioanalytical panels into the future. Luxcel Biosciences
This purchase brings together two acquisition further expands Agilent’s • The facility comprises iconic laboratories at
NUS and NUH, providing dedicated research
pioneers in cellular function and growing presence and expertise in
space for international collaboration among
metabolism measurements focused cell analysis and strengthens the scientists, clinicians and industry partners.
United Kingdom
on real-time, live cell analyses. ACEA company’s position in the large • In the U.K., Agilent opened a new state-of-the- Harwell Science and
Innovation Campus
art facility for spectroscopy R&D at the Harwell
has headquarters in San Diego and and growing immuno-oncology
at Oxfordshire
Science and Innovation Campus at Oxfordshire.
a large manufacturing and R&D and immunotherapy areas. The
The site will be a major hub for laser spectroscopy
footprint in Hangzhou, China. business is headquartered in and includes the company’s Laser Spectroscopy
Center of Excellence, focusing on R&D in vibrational
Winooski, Vermont.
spectroscopy. The site also accommodates
Agilent’s Raman spectroscopy business.
• The company expanded its growing cell analysis
R&D capabilities in Cork, Ireland with a purpose-
built addition for Luxcel Biosciences business,
Winooski, Vermont acquired in November 2018.
San Diego, California
Related UN Sustainable Development Goal
38 39
3Forward, Together
Agilent and COVID-19 Customer health
and safety
Near the end of 2019, COVID-19
unexpectedly disrupted the world.
At Agilent, we know our customers
When the novel virus was reported in
want the best return on their investment.
China, we quickly stepped up, offering
That’s why we ensure, through our
instruments, resources, expertise,
Quality Management System (QMS),
scientific teams and management talent
that our products and services are
to address the problems facing China’s
delivered to the level and quality
academic and clinical organizations.
Moorthy Narayanaswamy, service business manager in Chennai,
India, found a quiet and comfortable spot to work from home our customers expect.
In January 2020, we donated equipment to four entities during the COVID-19 pandemic.
in China: The First Affiliated Hospital, School of Medicine, Our QMS is built upon a Quality Policy
Zhejiang University; Tongji Hospital, Huazhong University • Digital solutions are keeping research laboratories up
aligned with our customer expectations:
of Science and Technology; Wuhan Institute of Virology, and running during this critical time.
Agilent earns customer loyalty by
China Academy of Sciences; and the National Institute for • Training: We offer one of the largest bodies of online
Viral Disease Control and Prevention, Chinese Center for learning available in the industry. Our team has providing trusted answers through
Disease Control and Prevention. mobilized to offer more instructor-led virtual courses, continuous improvement of products,
Additional contributions were made to other institutions marrying remote access with live instructors, real- services and interactions of the
so that global researchers could quickly ramp up and time exercises and discussions. Over 50 multi-lingual
highest quality and greatest value.
begin their work. courses are now available.
• Field service, repairs and installations: On-site
Our ongoing fight against COVID-19 service and installations are still available, following
Assessment of the health and safety
strict social-distancing protocols. In addition, new
Agilent continues to support three major areas of COVID-19
impacts of product and service categories
virtual access options allow our technicians to
work: infectious disease research; test development;
remotely address complex service issues, almost Agilent’s quality and environmental policies mandate
and vaccine and drug development. See how we provide
as if these experts were on site. Calls and WebEx we provide products and services that meet legal
information to help researchers find the best potential
meetings are always an option, and our online and regulatory requirements, including applicable
paths to answers.
Agilent Community allows customers to be an environmental, health and safety standards. Agilent
COVID-19 has touched all areas of our business. Here’s a
amazing help to each other as well. is committed to continuous improvement of the
quick look at how we are addressing this crisis:
environmental aspects and impacts of our products
• We’ve been transparent and stayed in communication Employees partner to help as demonstrated by Agilent’s ISO 14001 certificate,
with our stakeholders. See some frequently asked which is regularly audited by an external party.
• At the onset of the pandemic, we made our own hand
questions about COVID-19 as well as our business.
sanitizer. Read about Project Nightingale here.
• Many of our customers are using Agilent instruments Marketing and labeling
• Nursing homes and other medical facilities in Ankeny,
and solutions in their laboratory flow for COVID-19
Iowa needed protective face shields, so Agilent came Agilent complies with required labeling for substance
research. See the latest news about their progress.
to the rescue. Learn more here. identification in our products in accordance with
• We executed our Enterprise Risk Management
regulations and safe use guidance for products
• As COVID-19 spread, the number of volunteers
program, outlining our approach to managing our
produced by Agilent.
everywhere dwindled – but help was desperately
business during this global pandemic. Many
needed at the Singapore Food Bank. See how the
employees are working remotely.
Agilent Singapore site’s REACH program helped.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals Related UN Sustainable Development Goal
40 41
3 8 3Forward, Together
Requirements for products and service In 2018, Agilent successfully implemented a Our people Policies
comprehensive program to comply with the EU General
information and labeling
Environmental health and safety policy
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We completed a
Annually Agilent communicates materials specifications thorough analysis of how and where we collect, process Employment Agilent is committed to providing healthy and safe work
through “General Specifications for Environment,” shared and store personal data, and updated our standard environments and processes that enable our people
Agilent is positioned to become a leader in innovation,
with suppliers to inform them of banned chemicals/ operating procedures, policies and processes as necessary to work injury-free and illness-free while acting in an
creativity, problem-solving and organizational flexibility. As
materials that should not be included in material/parts/ in order to comply with the new GDPR requirements. We environmentally responsible manner.
a company, we must be able to address work/life balance
products purchased by Agilent to ensure compliance designed new processes, including Data Subject Requests
challenges and leverage diverse perspectives, talents
with global regulations and minimize the environmental and Data Protection Impact Assessment Processes, to Human rights and labor policy
and teams to meet this global challenge. The workforce
impact of its products and operations. Agilent also address new obligations under the GDPR, which will enable
demographics are changing in most countries and the Our policies and practices require Agilent to conduct our
provides Safety Data Sheets with Agilent and third us to help our customers as needed for them to comply
competition to attract and retain top talent is increasing. business with uncompromising integrity and to promote
party-provided chemicals supplied stand-alone or with their obligations under the GDPR.
Global competitiveness will not be achieved merely by human rights within the company’s sphere of influence.
with products for safe use.
Agilent personnel received training on GDPR requirements designing, manufacturing, marketing and selling superior
The company also operates an end-of-life customer and on Agilent’s obligations as both a data controller and products. Agilent strives to develop and apply excellent Employee Volunteer Time Off
returns system. Reuse programs are offered for selected data processor. To further embed privacy in every aspect global people skills around the world. Agilent employees may use up to six work days per year to
Agilent products. The programs address the requirements of our business, Agilent established a Data Privacy Board volunteer at charitable organizations that meet Agilent’s
We are in tune with the changing global economic
posed by the European WEEE (Waste from Electrical and with Senior Management across the entire business, program guidelines.
marketplace and work to ensure that our policies and
Electronic Equipment) Directive. Please see Agilent’s Take complemented by dedicated Privacy Champions in each
practices support our core beliefs and values, our guiding
Privacy policy
Back Program. function, responsible for acting as the voice of privacy
principles and our goals to make Agilent a best place to
in their area. We have leveraged and expanded these At Agilent, protecting the privacy of our employees and
work for every employee. Company policies and practices
processes to address newly emerging privacy regulations customers is critical to our success. We treat the collection
Customer privacy support global diversity and inclusion and work/life
across the globe. and use of personal data with sensitivity and in accordance
success. Agilent is committed to creating a diverse
At Agilent, protecting the privacy of our employees and with applicable laws and regulations. Data privacy is
Agilent has an ongoing privacy program and full details of work environment and is proud to be an equal
customers is critical to our success. We treat the collection embedded in every aspect of our business, and our global
how we treat personal data can be found in our privacy opportunity employer.
and use of personal data with sensitivity and in accordance privacy program focuses on ensuring that our policies,
statement here. Agilent is unaware of any complaints
with applicable laws and regulations. Data privacy is processes and operations meet the demands placed on us
regarding breaches of customer privacy or loss of data.
embedded in every aspect of our business, and our global Agilent benefits by customers, employees, regulators and most of all, our
Agilent has appointed a Data Protection Officer to comply
privacy program focuses on ensuring that our policies, own commitment to the protection of personal data.
with the requirements of the GDPR and safeguard Agilent’s Our benefits are offered to eligible employees and comply
processes and operations meet the demands placed on
ongoing commitment to protecting personal data. with local legal requirements. Agilent has a number of
Employee diversity and inclusion
us by customers, employees, regulators and most of all,
programs and policies designed to help employees in its
If you have any questions on Agilent’s privacy program,
our own commitment to the protection of personal data. Agilent’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion
diverse workforce manage their work and personal lives
please contact our Data Protection Officer at
This includes a continued focus on expanding our helps us to be a great place to work, ignite innovation and
while meeting company objectives for business success:
data-protection.officer@agilent.com.
program in light of newly emerging regulations such deliver superior business results. Agilent applies a range
• Flexible work hours
as Brazil’s Lei Geral de Protecao de Dados and of policies, programs and practices to promote diversity,
California’s Consumer Privacy Act. • Holidays inclusion, accessibility and work/life balance, including:
• Flexible time hours • Non-discrimination policy
• Flexible work arrangements
• Harassment-free work environment
• Leaves of absence
• Education assistance program
• Health and welfare benefits
• Employee assistance program
• Retirement plans
• Employee network groups
• Employee and Family Assistance Plan
• Unconscious bias training
• Competitive medical, dental, disability and
• Balanced approach between campus recruiting and
life insurance plans
experienced hiring
• Employee Stock Purchase Plan
• Flexible and part-time work schedules when possible
• Parental leave
Related UN Sustainable Development Goal
42 43
8Forward, Together
For 2020, we have established new Training and education
measures in the areas of employee Training at Agilent takes several forms: face-to-face
perception, leadership gender diversity classroom experiences, on-the-job learning, virtual
classroom events and self-paced e-learning.
and pay equity to ensure we deliver on
our commitment. We also recognize • One hundred percent of Agilent employees receive
regular performance reviews.
there’s always more work to be done.
• In 2019, approximately 99% of our Agilent employees
We are committed to making Agilent
completed training activities, with over 156,000
the best place to work for everyone.
documented instances of training, including over
150,000 self-paced online course completions.
Occupational health and safety • Employees average 32.6 hours of training per year per
person, including both regular and temporary.
Agilent Technologies operates under a company-wide
environmental, health and safety management system
(EHSMS) that applies to Agilent design, development, Programs for upgrading employee skills
manufacturing, distribution, and sales and service and transition assistance programs
operations worldwide. The EHSMS provides a framework
Our investment in our people’s growth is an investment
for Agilent’s business operations to make decisions
in our business and in the retention of our competitive
regarding their environmental and Occupational Health
advantage, our edge and our top talents. Agilent is
and Safety (OHS) activities in response to changing
committed to providing an environment in which
internal and external factors. The EHSMS is supported
employees can expand their knowledge, develop new
by key processes focused on planning, implementation
skills, and contribute their best work.
and operation, checking and corrective action, and
Our culture of continuous development instills in our
management review.
employees the behaviors that bring our values to life every
Agilent reviews its OHS aspects annually. Each region
day. We encourage our people to stay up-to-date on current
conducts its own local reviews, which are consolidated
research and technology while enhancing their current
into a Global OHS aspects and impacts register. Those
skills and growing new skills to meet future needs; we also
OHS aspects that attain the highest (risk) scores are either
put special emphasis on training managers at all levels
assigned objectives and targets for the current year or,
to effectively communicate, role model and reinforce our
if they are business fundamentals, will have associated
values and culture.
programs established to ensure compliance and
implementation of risk-based management approaches.
Performance related to these objectives and programs is
monitored and reported to senior management at least
quarterly and identified in quarterly business reviews.
Formal Management Reviews are held twice annually to
report current OHS performance to senior management.
Any deviations from target are noted, and corrective
actions or changes to strategies are identified for approval.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
44 45
3 8 10Forward, Together
Diversity and Equal Opportunity
Percentage of board members by gender
Agilent has a longstanding commitment to diversity
and age group (under 30; 30–50; over 50):
and inclusion. Agilent recognizes the potential of
every employee and continues to strive to make our
Male/Female 72%/27%
values a true part of the company culture. Agilent has
been recognized by Forbes as one of America’s Best
Under 30 years of age 0%
Employers for Diversity 2019 and one of America’s Best
Employers for Women 2019.
Between 30-50 years of age 0%
Agilent tracks gender diversity on a global basis. The
company measures the balance of male and female
Greater than 50 years of age 100%
employees at various levels in the company, as well
as hiring and attrition rates for men and women.
Percentage of employees and
As part of Agilent’s commitment to diversity and inclusion,
managers by gender:
Agilent’s CEO has joined more than 900 CEOs around
the world in CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion.
Employees Managers
See our 2019 Diversity and Inclusion report and our
EEOC report for details.
Male 62% 71%
Ratio of basic salary and
Female 38% 29%
remuneration of women to men
The following data indicates the salary ratio of men to
women by employee category. The ratios shown were Percentage of employees and managers Human rights
calculated by determining the average comparative by age group (under 30; 30–50; over 50):
Agilent acknowledges and respects the fundamental principles contained in the Universal Declaration of
ratio (compa-ratio) of pay for men and women in each
Human Rights. Agilent’s core values and culture reflect a commitment to ethical business practices
employee category, then dividing the average compa- Employees Managers
and good corporate citizenship. Our policies and practices require that we conduct our business with
ratio for men by the average compa-ratio for women.
uncompromising integrity and promote human rights within the company’s sphere of influence. In terms
Compa-ratio indicates an individual’s pay position versus % Under 30 years of age 15.6% 0.8%
of child labor, Agilent condemns all forms of exploitation of children. Agilent will not recruit child labor
the mid-point of the pay range for the assigned job.
and supports the elimination of exploitive child labor. Agilent is unaware of any operations or suppliers
% 30-50 years of age 60.6% 63.8%
identified as having significant risk for incidents of child labor.
% Over 50 years of age 23.8% 35.4%
Employee training on human rights policies or procedures
All Agilent employees participate in the annual required training in the Standards of Business Conduct,
which outlines expectations for dealing with customers, suppliers and conduct in the workplace.
Ratio of average compa-ratio men/women
All procurement professionals, as part of Standards of Business Conduct training, are requested to
Employee categories Male Female Male/Female take additional online training on Environmental, Health, Safety and Social Responsibility which
covers Human Rights.
Leadership (Officers, Execs, SMs) .99 .97 1.02 One hundred percent of Agilent’s purchase order agreements include human rights clauses and
require that suppliers comply with Agilent Supplier Code of Conduct Policy.
Tech .94 .92 1.02
Non-Tech .93 .93 1.00
Total Global Workforce .93 .93 1.00
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
46 47
8 10FEornwagrd, aToggeteherment
Planting Mangrove
Family Day in China:
Trees in Malaysia
Record-breaking
Agilent Malaysia Employee Community attendance
Social Services (ECSS) Environmental
Pillar members and Environmental China’s 2019 Agilent Family
Health Services developed an outreach Day broke previous records
program for the Malaysia team. They with more than 2,000
used their Volunteer Time Off (VTO) employees and family
hours to plant mangrove trees, which members attending events in
prevent beach erosion and protect sea Beijing, Chengdu, Guangzhou,
animals and water quality. Volunteers Hangzhou, Qingdao, Shanghai
met at the Mangrove Forest Education ATS, Shanghai Litong and
Centre in Penang, where they learned Shengyang. More than 300
about the importance of mangrove employee volunteers helped
forest preservation, toured part of the make Family Day possible.
forest and spent their day planting
For the first time, the Shanghai Family Day was celebrated at the Shanghai Science and Technology Museum (SSTM), where
trees in the woods.
more than 800 employees and family members participated. In addition to a tour of the museum, volunteers from both Agilent
and the SSTM delivered several popular science classes for kids using Agilent After School science projects. Agilent and the
SSTM have built a strong partnership, promoting science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education and careers.
Ankeny team wins trophy, 25 medals
in local corporate games
Agilent colleagues in Ankeny, Iowa, joined forces for
some local competition, taking on other corporations
in the area. About half of the site’s 85 employees
participated, and the team brought home 25 medals:
12 gold, seven silver and six bronze.
India Kids' Science Day
Agilent India hosted Kids’ Science Day for children of employees in June 2019.
More than 200 children, aged 5-17, participated in fun and educational activities.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
48 49
8 13 15FDorwivarde, Trogsetihteyr & Inclusion
Check Your Blind Spots – Unconscious Bias Tour: Reducing bias, improving inclusion
A flashy painted bus, proclaiming, “Check Your Blind Spots – This special event was made possible through CEO
Unconscious Bias Tour,” rolled up to Santa Clara, California Action for Diversity & Inclusion™, the largest CEO-driven
headquarters last year, providing a unique education on business commitment to improve diversity and inclusion
wheels for Agilent employees. within the workplace in the U.S. Agilent joined the
organization in 2018.
The interactive multimedia bus was fully loaded with
virtual reality and gaming technology, designed to help
participants better understand and recognize unconscious
biases – blind spots – that can narrow vision and
influence everyday decision making.
Helping employees recognize bias
Activities included “Wake Up Call,” where participants
listened in on realistic conversations to identify potential
bias, participated in virtual reality interactions, and
considered taking the “I Act On” pledge to demonstrate
their personal commitment to inclusion.
Employees were encouraged to take the “I Act On” pledge:
“The tour was a fun and innovative way to learn more
“I pledge to check my bias, speak up for others and show up for all,”
then post a photo to spread the word. about unconscious bias and how it may show up in the
workplace,” said one participant. Another added, “We all
have our own story and we all want to be included.”
Additional training for leaders
As part of our advanced training for senior leadership,
an optional “Managing Unconscious Bias” training was
provided; more than 50% have taken the course to date.
Executives have also enrolled in this training, with 90%
having completed the course.
Sonia Kapoor: Her singlehood story
Last fall, India Today highlighted a major societal trend in the
country: independent Indian women and their embrace of
a single lifestyle, also known as “singlehood.” Sonia Kapoor,
The Unconscious Bias Tour bus entertained and educated an attorney in Legal Global Contracts, shared her singlehood
employees using virtual reality and gaming.
experience, along with eight other women in a story called,
“Brave New Woman.” Kapoor was featured on the cover of the
publication, the country’s most widely circulated magazine.
Read the full article here.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goal
50 51
10Forward, Together How Women@Agilent helped Agilent CTO named to top 25
Kaul change careers women leaders in biotech
Employee Network Groups: Last year, Sonu Kaul recognized it was time to
Bigger and better than ever shift from her successful career path and aim
for something new, thanks to lessons learned
Agilent employees now lead Employee Network from her Women@Agilent group. She hopes that
Groups (ENG) in every region, creating opportunities sharing her story will encourage others to pursue
for personal growth, professional development and their dream careers.
career networks around the world.
From Sonu Kaul:
“Our ENGs share a common purpose,” said Annette
Leder, vice president of Finance and ENG executive As a mother of two children and a volunteer at a
sponsor. “They bring employees together in ways non-profit organization helping victims of domestic
that help them feel accepted, included and heard, and violence, I found that I preached a lot, especially
that’s something that’s important to everyone.” with statements like, “Step outside your comfort
Darlene Solomon, Senior Vice President and
zone for growth and change.”
Members are quick to point out that Employee Chief Technology Officer
Network Groups provide outstanding opportunities At times, I asked myself if I was heeding my own
Healthcare Technology Report announced its
to learn and grow, personally and professionally. advice. I did take up new activities like hot yoga and
2019 Top 25 Women Leaders in Biotech, and
“Our meetings attract a wide range of people from all classes at a community college, but it wasn’t enough.
Agilent’s own Darlene Solomon, senior vice
levels of the organization, from newer and early career I knew I wanted to try something different
president and chief technology
employees to senior leaders and decision makers,” professionally, but that’s easier said than done.
officer, is on the list.
said one member. “It’s an easy and safe way to share I was in technical support management for over Sonu Kaul, Ph.D, On Demand Services program manager
ideas that otherwise, may not be heard.” five years, and it was familiar to me. I was neither Each year, the publication honors women in
Choosing roles, losing the hesitation
All employees are welcome to attend or join any bored nor unchallenged. I had a great team and my key roles for some of the most important
Employee Network Groups and activities: colleagues were fantastic, so it was an ideal situation. Having done my homework, I looked closely at open jobs global companies shaping the future of
The age-old saying “If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it” nagged and applied for my current position in SSD Marketing in biotechnology. The evaluation process included
• Society of Women Engineers@Agilent, our first
me, and I did what many folks in my state would do: 2019. It was a different role, but I made sure I met 70-80% a detailed review of the depth of professional
ENG, promotes opportunities for women in
I did not fix anything. of the job requirements, another valuable lesson I learned experience as well as the caliber of career
engineering and other technical careers.
at Women@Agilent events. Unlike men, females tend to achievements. The report also noted,
• INSPIRE, in Denmark, aims to help newcomers Learning from shared experiences only apply for jobs when they match close to 100% of the “These women have demonstrated a
in particular develop around-the-world networks of participants requirements, which limits their future opportunities. After commitment to the advancement of biotech.”
and further their career through its buddy As I started attending Women@Agilent Santa Clara a series of tough interviews, I got the job.
program and activities. events, I met many people (mostly women and a few
The excitement and nervousness I felt made me remember
• Women@Agilent, in the spirit of building a gender- men, including our CEO) from different departments how I felt when I first joined Agilent in 2008. As I shared Recognition
inclusive workplace, focuses on advancing the and learned something valuable from every session. my news with a few folks in the group, I got nothing but
Forbes Best Employers
professional and personal development of anyone I found most people were open and even vulnerable encouragement from all the women and men. It felt like
for Diversity 2019
identifying as female. The group has active when they spoke about their struggles and wins. everyone was rooting for me.
chapters in Australia/New Zealand, Santa Clara, The most critical lesson for me was learned by I have been in my new role for a little over 12 months now, Forbes US Top Employer
Carpinteria, Delaware, Germany, Korea listening closely to these women who were sharing
and I am happy that I stepped outside my comfort zone. for Women 2019
and Singapore, in addition to a virtual global their experiences. I realized even the most successful
My partners in Women@Agilent gave me the confidence to
Instrument Manufacturing group. leaders were not perfect — they did not have all the know that it is not always about just how fast or far you go Great Place to Work Certified
answers — but they were resilient, curious learners
in your career. It’s all about losing the hesitation and having Best Workplace for Women
who continually challenged themselves.
the courage to want to grow, vertically or laterally. in Greater China 2019
This was a turning point for me. It gave me the
I feel grateful for the people who surround me in my
confidence to embrace the uncertainty and change 2019 Best Family Friendly
personal and professional life, for Women@Agilent Santa
something that was not broken. I realized that Clara, and I am most grateful that I pushed myself to try Management Company,
continuing to stay in my safe, predictable space and improve something that was not even broken. Korea Minister of Gender
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals would be a disservice to me and no one else. Equity and Family
8 10
52 53FDorwivarde, Trogsetihteyr & Inclusion
Two lessons learned through “The Power of Personal Branding” resonated with me Singapore employees share their cultural diversity
because it was a big reminder of how important your
SWE@Agilent
personal brand is. It’s about how others perceive you and
In 2019, Kelly was a member of the Agilent delegation how that can play a powerful role in your career and in life.
that attended the national Society of Women Engineers The presenter pointed out that you can negatively impact
conference. She attended dozens of workshops, but two your personal brand by apologizing unnecessarily and this
were especially eye-opening. She surprised herself with tied in perfectly with the theme of the other session.
how she put that knowledge to work.
No apologies necessary
“Sorry, Not Sorry” was a great discussion about how many
times a day we – especially women – apologize for
something when we really mean “excuse me,”
“thank you,” or “I appreciate that ….”
I realized that I’m one of those women who says, “I’m sorry”
all the time. This can downplay my importance, or the
importance of what I’m trying to say to someone. And it
can also directly impact my personal brand. I want my
brand to be strong and positive, not apologetic. So that
was a great insight for me, and I have really been working A Cultural Diversity Fair was one of several ways Singapore employees celebrated their many unique cultures.
on getting rid of that phrase unless I truly mean it.
I felt so passionately about the topic that, after I returned Diversity and inclusion are Agilent strengths, so it’s fitting along with Fabrice Thomas, vice president, OFS Global
from the national SWE conference, I decided I wanted to that one of Agilent’s most diverse sites – Singapore – Supply Chain, Chee Beng Lim, senior director, WW
From Kelly Beckerman: share my learnings with others. I used my notes, did some celebrated the power of diversity for an entire week to Service Parts and Asia Pacific Logistics, and David
I read about the Agilent Society of Women Engineers additional research and created my own version of the coincide with the United Nation’s World Day for Cultural Cheong, Channel Sales and Development director, South
group—SWE@Agilent—on the intranet at work. My manager presentation. I actually delivered it to an audience of Diversity on May 21. Singapore site employees represent Asia Pacific & Korea, Laboratory Solution Sales, Agilent
approved me joining the group to travel to the national SWE about 80 people during a SWE@Agilent event. more than 19 nationalities. Singapore (Sales) Pte Ltd., showed their strong support
as they took on the role of preparing and serving the
Conference. I tend to be a nervous presenter but delivering a topic From a simple pop quiz to wearing traditional national
traditional delicacies.
Before I ever got there, the SWE@Agilent team was in touch that I feel so strongly about, to an audience of clothing to the main event – a Cultural Diversity Fair
with attendees. At first, there was pre-work that had to get SWE@Agilent members, made all the difference. on May 23 – employees celebrated by sharing food “Events like this showcase Agilent’s commitment to both
done, and then there were meetings to organize members It was a great opportunity to practice and polish my and engaging in group activities. More than 10 booths a diverse workforce — one made up of individuals with
that were attending, and later, there were even opportunities presentation skills and gain confidence in a safe in the cafeteria offered traditional delicacies and gave different identities, experiences and perspectives — and
to network and build friendships cross-country during the environment with my SWE peers. employees opportunities to try games and crafts an inclusive environment in which we respect and value
from other cultures and nationalities. each person,” says Dr. Vimala Sreenivasan, associate VP,
event in Anaheim. It was a great networking opportunity. It’s wonderful to be part of a supportive organization
sales South Asia Pacific & Tech Touch & Singapore site
I went to so many sessions during the three-day conference, where everyone has the opportunity to share their Leaders show strong support, commitment
GM. “It is this uniqueness of individuals that continues to
but two sessions in particular really struck a chord with me. knowledge, help others build a skill or even just inspire
Site leaders, including Woai Sheng Chow, vice inspire Agilent and all of us to build a better future.”
One was, “The Power of Personal Branding,” and the other others. It’s helped my professional growth and given me
president and general manager, OFS Global Instrument
was called, “Sorry, Not Sorry.” so much more confidence. If I was asked to present
Manufacturing & Singapore Country General Manager
again on a topic that I’m passionate about, I’m 100%
sure that I’d sign up. Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
8 10
54 55FOorwuarrd, TCogeothmer munities
Agilent’s worldwide community programs tangibly demonstrate
the company’s values and commitment to corporate citizenship.
In communities where we operate, we contribute through
the Agilent Foundation and company grants, employee
volunteerism, public policy and community partnerships in the
areas of science education and workplace giving campaigns.
Through grants and donations, Agilent supports programs Volunteer Time Off: Four employees
designed to increase student interest and achievement
set out to change the world
in science education, with an emphasis on populations
under-represented in the technology industry. Each year Last year, thousands of Agilent employees volunteered
Agilent employees throughout the world devote thousands their time and energy to make a difference in thousands
of volunteer hours to increasing student interest in science of different ways. Many of these individuals took
and other community activities. Agilent employees make advantage of Agilent’s VTO program, which provides
their communities a better place to live and work through up to six paid days a year to volunteer at approved
their generous contributions and volunteerism efforts. nonprofits. Here are the inspiring stories of four
employees who set out to make a difference —
Agilent’s Volunteer Time Off (VTO) program allows eligible
and did.
employees to take up to six days of paid time off each year
for volunteer activities with charities and organizations.
Rob Braaten
The Agilent Year-Round Giving Program provides
Sierra Leone, Africa
employees the opportunity to support a broad range of
eligible non-profit organizations in their communities in
Sharon Tran
the areas of health and human services, arts and culture,
education and literacy, environment and conservation, OzHarvest, Australia
and family and civic betterment.
Building partnerships, equal arranged for us to stay in a small guest house. We had a
The Agilent Foundation matches those employee Diego Diaz-Ramos
simple, comfortable room with bucket baths and indoor
contributions dollar-for-dollar, doubling the employee treatment and better health
Spain plumbing. There was an outdoor kitchen and the staff
donation and allowing the Foundation to support our
in Sierra Leone cooked our meals over a charcoal fire. We enjoyed local
employees’ preferred charities.
Traugott Maurer food, whatever the staff would eat, and it was quite good:
In addition to the Giving Program, the Agilent Foundation From Rob Braaten, service and sales representative, Canada: lots of fresh mangoes, pineapple, bananas, greens,
Bahnhofsmission, Germany
supports other initiatives to enhance, enrich and support
chicken and fish.
It was absolutely life changing.
the communities in which Agilent operates.
Our schedules: never a dull moment
That’s what I’d say about my volunteer experience. My
For the first week, I supported Ellen and her colleagues
wife, Ellen, is a teacher, and she had volunteered with the
as they led a workshop for local teachers, showing them
Freedom Tree organization in Sierra Leone four times
how to run an after-school girls’ empowerment program.
and loved it. She tried to get me to go and I never could
The initiative was envisioned by the Sierra Leone Freedom
schedule the time, but thanks to the VTO program at
Tree staff and designed by Ellen.
Agilent, I finally made it work. From Canada, it took us
about 24 hours to get to the city of Bo, which is the second- For our second week, Ellen and her colleagues organized
largest city in Sierra Leone. That’s where Freedom Tree a three-day weekend camp for children enrolled in
56 57FOorwuarrd, TCogeothmer munities
Freedom Tree’s educational sponsorship programs, Most of the girls are orphans and self-advocacy is very
so I worked there. On the other days, we traveled to difficult, but it so important for them to be empowered
remote villages to help in medical clinics. I could go on with accurate information and have it delivered by local
and on about our amazing experiences, but I think it is partners who understand their situations. Feedback has
better to give a summary of the main events of our trip. been very positive, and we feel like this camp was such
Let me tell you about the things that stand out for me. a good step forward.
Girls Advocacy Movement: providing Medical clinics: great needs,
a different perspective many people, few supplies
Throughout the weeklong Girls Advocacy Movement
We had several medical personnel on our team, so on
workshop, we encouraged teachers to provide a safe place
our off days, we went to remote villages with limited
for girls to learn and to create an environment where girls
access to medical care and helped with physician and
are treated as equals to boys in all subjects.
nurse consultations.
In Sierra Leone, most of the teachers are men, since
The Bo area has over 600,000 people with one hospital
few women have the educational qualifications to teach.
and very sparse supplies. I learned there is only one oxygen
Girls are seen as family support, so the choice is often
tank for the whole hospital, and it’s shared where it’s most
made to keep them at home to help with laundry (done
needed. People die every day there simply because there’s
in buckets after hauling water!), cooking, and caring for
not enough equipment, medical expertise or basic supplies.
younger siblings. This means that many girls fall far behind
The power supply is not consistently available. There’s a
academically and eventually drop out of school.
general lack of education, with almost no basic health or
We taught the lessons using positive and engaging medical instruction.
teaching techniques which were new for most of the
Ellen and I were extra hands at the clinics: signing people
participants. Generally speaking, the educational
in, fetching supplies, and keeping kids and families
system is very strict and punitive — maybe due to
entertained when the wait was long.
trying to control upward of 50 students in a class! I have some background in education, so at camp, I
I often had the role of standing in the hot sun, dripping
partner and she was taking the lead. This willingness to put my training to use and taught art and music classes.
Participants: inspired, eager to deliver with sweat, as I entertained the waiting kids and families
have a woman in a leadership role with a man supporting I also played MANY cooperative games.
new program by playing guitar and singing with them. Music is universal
her was revolutionary to some of the male teachers, but I
Key camp goals: health awareness and it was surprising how much we all enjoyed this.
The teachers were hungry for training and very engaged think we demonstrated that it could work very well.
and self-advocacy
in the workshop. They were excited to learn how to work
Getting there: cars and canoes
Children’s’ camp: opening eyes and minds
with students in a positive way so they would love school An important part of the camp was teaching the children,
Transportation was a 4x4 on dirt roads — sometimes with
and want to continue their education in a nurturing setting, Our “Dreaming Big” weekend kids camp was a lot of fun. aged 6 to 20, about health topics such as “Managing
working air conditioning, sometimes with open-window,
without threats or harsh discipline. Picture about 100 kids arriving from all over Sierra Leone. Emotions,” “Handwashing,” and “Puberty/Sexual Health.”
dusty ventilation — and it was a very bumpy and slow ride
They were also very interested in the Girls’ Advocacy Many had never been out of their village before, so it was The taboo subject in Sierra Leone is that around age 13-15,
as we negotiated the huge gullies caused by erosion. It
Movement and committed to taking the fun after-school a big deal for them to travel and meet people from different girls are often required to undergo “initiation,” or female
was amazing how the driver could figure out the route
program back to their students. I think the teachers were areas. I think it really opened their eyes to a bigger world genital mutilation. With the support of our local partners,
with no road signs to follow.
eager to share their learnings about health and hygiene, and greater possibilities for their futures. we discussed this highly sensitive topic with the teenagers.
One day we had to travel by dugout canoe, a rather
the importance of staying in school and why equality is Ellen had worked closely with Freedom Tree’s local The goal was to help these girls understand what is
frightening trip over a fast-flowing river, to get to a
important to their futures. partners over the past year, so the event felt like a happening with their bodies and let them know that it’s OK
village. It was nerve-wracking, but we made it.
It really helped for me to be there in a supporting role, wonderful collaboration of common vision. The local to talk about it. They can express feelings, opinions and
helping Ellen, who was in charge. We were able to model young people who served as counselors were inspirational questions and, if they wish, they can choose a different I’d never been to West Africa in this capacity, getting out
an equal and healthy relationship — where I was supportive role models and will stay in touch with the children in path for themselves. into the villages and really seeing the culture clearly. People
their home communities. were so welcoming. Given all the strife and troubles they’ve
58 59FOorwuarrd, TCogeothmer munities
experienced (civil war, Ebola, AIDS), you’d expect them to In Germany, he helps people when
be harsher, harder. But they were friendly, kind and often
life gets out of hand
generous. In the villages, few people spoke English and
my command of the local languages was very minimal, so
From Traugott Maurer, production supervisor, Waldbronn:
we communicated with smiles, handshakes and gestures.
Thankfully, we had local interpreters with us who could I have been employed by Agilent for
communicate the more important messages with clarity.
48 years and work as a supervisor
Takeaways: more than expected in production in Waldbronn.
One of the best takeaways from this trip is the great
Three years ago, I attended an external workshop called
relationships we’re building. Ellen and I have several
“Preparation for Retirement.” It gave me a lot of ideas
people that we now communicate with through
about what a successful and healthy exit from working life
WhatsApp and we’re really hoping we can go back to
might look like. I am planning to retire next summer, and
see them at some point.
it is important that I have meaningful work after my active
Ellen also communicates through online meetings in working life. So I began searching for such an activity,
order to remotely support the initiatives we were involved and found the Bahnhofsmission in Karlsruhe. I spend
in and she really loves to hear how things are going. two days per month there and find it a great perk that
I think that sometimes, we expect that trips like these will Agilent supports me with six days of VTO per year in
be pretty straightforward: you’ll fly in and help, and then my volunteer work.
you leave and it’s all over. But it’s not — it’s so much more
than that. It becomes a part of you. And it’s not a one-way
The history of the Bahnhofsmission My work at the Bahnhofsmission
street either as your lives become intertwined. I learned
The Bahnhofsmission is a Christian aid organization that My duties are varied. The spectrum ranges from
that we’re actually building relationships for the long term
provides free assistance to travelers in need at 105 train accompanying blind people on the platform to making
and helping each other grow and learn.
stations across Germany. Sometimes life gets out of hand. coffee for the guests and cleaning the rooms at the end
Then people need help.The Bahnhofsmission helps every- of the service. I prefer to walk around in the station and
one. There is no registration or requirements, and it’s free of on the platforms.
charge. We help people:
Every day about 60,000 people pass through the station
in Karlsruhe, often in great haste and with no view for
When traveling: We provide information and assist in
the neighbor. It’s amazing when you consciously look
communications and translation, helping passengers
around to see who needs help — there are many, and
board, disembark and change trains. We also assist with
you also receive a lot of gratitude.
accommodations, wheelchairs, luggage trolleys and lifting
platforms and accompany children travelling alone. I am glad that I have found this activity, and I have
discovered for myself that those who help other
In acute need: This includes people who have no phone,
people are often the most gifted.
no place to sleep, who are hungry and thirsty, who have
been robbed, or who are hurt, sick or weak.
In existential emergencies: These people may be
homeless or refugees with nowhere to go. They are people
who may be addicted, sick, impoverished or desperate.
60 61FOorwuarrd, TCogeothmer munities
Racing for a cure, breaking
world records in Spain
Diego Diaz-Ramos, OFS manufacturing in In May of 2019, Diaz-Ramos
Waldbronn, Germany headed out at 6 a.m. to
compete in the grueling
A fierce running and cycling competitor, Diego used
Camino de Santiago
a week of his Volunteer Time Off to raise funds and
duathlon, running 100
awareness for NUPA, an organization that supports
kilometers, biking 570
children with chronic intestinal failure. kilometers and running
another 100 kilometers.
Diego was jubilant as he finished his journey at the
He started at the famous
Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela in an amazing
Cathedral of St. James at
4 days and 3 hours — breaking the world record of 4
Roncesvalles and followed
days and 15 hours. But the most important part of
the rough, decades-old trails
winning for Diego: raising over €3,000 for the of pilgrims headed for the
children and families of NUPA. tomb of apostle St. James at
Santiago de Compostela.
Preventing food waste in Australia Teaching the vulnerable healthy eating, One in five bags of food wasted daily
low-cost, resourceful meals
What I have learned through volunteering with OzHarvest
From Sharon Tran, DGG Sales, Australia:
The NEST program is an educational program teaching has been insightful as well as shocking. I’m amazed at how
This year, I decided to use my Volunteer Time people in need how to nurture themselves through healthier much food Australians waste each day because we either
food choices and preparation, taught with fun activities buy too much and can’t consume it all or we don’t know
Off with OzHarvest because of my passion
and hands-on cooking. The workshops are based around how to store and use up leftover ingredients. Approximately
for food and preventing food waste.
healthy eating choices, low-cost meal planning and one in five household shopping bags full of food gets
correct food storage to minimize food waste. Most of the wasted each day.
OzHarvest is a food rescue organization that collects
excess food from supermarkets, restaurants and cafes ingredients used in the workshops were rescued. Meanwhile, some of the participants in this program have
to help prevent food waste and eliminate hunger by As volunteers, our job was to help set up for the workshop, to skip meals because they can’t afford to buy food. All the
redistributing to charities. Since 2004, this organization ensuring each workstation had all the necessary ingredients we used in the workshops were rescued from
has rescued 37,000 tonnes of food, which is the equivalent equipment, ingredients and recipe cards to prepare the shops. They were all good products which would have
of 109 million meals. recipes for that day. We assisted with small group activities, otherwise gone to waste.
It has many programs that teach people awareness about giving guidance to participants and encouraging them to I also met some amazing people who were passionate
food waste, and this year I volunteered for the Nutrition share their experiences. about helping others and reducing food waste. I encourage
Education Skills Training (NEST) program, which runs In the kitchen we helped monitor cooking times and everyone to find their passion and use their Volunteer Time
one day a week for six weeks. washed dishes (thankfully, there was a dishwasher, so we Off to do something good for the community. You might
just loaded, unloaded and dried the dishes). After cooking, meet some amazing people and learn a thing or two.
we sat down and had a wonderful meal together and got to
know everyone. At the end of the workshop, we packaged
leftovers for participants to take home before clean-up.
62 63FOorwuarrd, TGogeitvheirng
Agilent’s 2019 philanthropic initiatives The Agilent Foundation Fingerprinting Rice:
made significant indirect economic A successful second year
In 1999, when we launched Agilent Technologies, we
impacts around the world.
also launched the Agilent Foundation. For 20 years, Year 2 of the Fingerprinting Rice research
we have been committed to sharing a portion of our initiative has done it: the international team
Here’s a brief summary:
earnings to improve the quality of life around the world. led by Chris Elliott at Queen’s University -
Agilent provided $4,700,058 in global university We’re convinced it’s the right thing to do. Belfast, has topped their own outstanding
grants and equipment, supporting science and Our philanthropic efforts focus on areas where we first year of work.
technology research at the forefront of bio- believe we can make the most impact with our time, In 2018, the group developed methods
analytic measurement technologies our talents and our funding. We provide grants and processes to verify rice authenticity
addressing issues such as: and built an impressive digital library of
• clean water rice “fingerprints.” When rice was quickly
In addition, $2,412,466 in pre-university
tested using hand-held equipment in
science-education grants and other community • food safety
processing plants or in market shops, curriculums to reflect this new direction in the science
investments supported programs reaching
• cancer solutions
results were compared with known rice chemometrics of food safety. Numerous publications and papers have
hundreds of thousands of students,
• science education stored in the cloud. Questionable rice samples were sent been written and shared, drawing even more international
educators and communities worldwide
to labs for more sophisticated analysis, where fraudulent attention to the rice and food fraud problem.
varieties were identified, stopping rice fraud in its tracks.
Matching employee donations
Through our employee matching gift Much of the field research was conducted in Ghana, where Next steps
In addition, the Foundation matches approved employee
programs, the Agilent Foundation provided fraudulent rice was causing dangerous sicknesses.
contributions dollar-for-dollar through the Agilent Year- The team continues to harmonize standard testing
$391,920 in matching donations.
In its second year of work, the team continued to expand
Round Giving Program. This effectively doubles employee methods across countries, as they learn more about the
its digital rice library, obtaining and identifying varieties
donations and allows the Foundation to invest and transferability of chemometric models between various
from other countries including Vietnam, India and China.
In total, Agilent and the Agilent Foundation support our employees’ preferred charities. We match instruments and even different foods.
Collectively, the group has now tested thousands of rice
invested about $7.5 million in philanthropic up to $5,000 per person each year. The Fingerprinting Rice initiative was sponsored in part
samples, representing many rice varieties, which will
efforts and equipment in 2019. The Foundation also matches employee donations to by a 2-year grant from the Agilent Foundation. Mary
eventually enable rice fraud prevention in those three
approved hospitals and universities, up to $20,000 per McBride, associate vice president of Applied Segment
countries, where rice is considered a dietary staple.
person each year. Markets at Agilent, championed the project to secure
the research funding, and worked closely with the
Spreading the word
international project team to ensure effective method
Funding our Volunteer Time Off program
International workshops to educate food researchers, development and technology transfer.
Volunteerism is a key element of our core values and the
growers, processors, importers, educators and government
cornerstone of our corporate citizenship efforts. Through
food safety officials were held in Ghana, Vietnam, and
our Volunteer Time Off (VTO) program, Agilent employees
China. The Fingerprinting Rice team shared their two-
may use up to 6 paid days each year to volunteer with
tiered testing approach (a combination of rapid screening
charitable organizations or nonprofit events. Read how
using spectroscopy and lab confirmation using mass
our employees are using their VTO to make a difference.
spectrometry), as well as their insights and experience
in preventing rice fraud.
Many attendees have followed up with the team,
requesting additional workshops within their countries,
The Fight Against
with some interested in using the rice technology to
address other types of food fraud issues. Food Fraud
All totaled, the team has reached hundreds of food
science educators, who are, in turn, updating their class
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
64 65
3 6 8FOorwuarrd, TGogeitvheirng
Intelligent Lives documentary: Progress through partnerships: Thought Leader Awards, the Agilent Early Career Professor
How stereotypes, research, education and innovation Award, and most payments in support of research are
given as gifts.
misconceptions impact those
At Agilent, we recognize that it will take many
with intellectual disabilities
people, working together, to address the
Golden Ticket Contest
world’s greatest challenges.
Intelligent Lives, a 70-minute documentary We also help promising young biotech companies jump
sponsored by the Agilent Foundation, That’s why Agilent has built a strong, global track record start their businesses. For the second time, the Agilent-
premiered on public television in October of successful collaboration and partnerships with sponsored Golden Ticket contest awarded one high-
2019, celebrating US National Disability universities, colleges, aspiring professionals and new potential biotech start-up company a Golden Ticket, good
Employment Awareness Month. biotech businesses. for one individual bench in nonprofit LabCentral’s shared
Directed and produced by award-winning Agilent contributes measurement expertise, products and lab space for one year. Read about the 2019 winner here.
filmmaker Dan Habib and narrated by financial support to academic research in our fields of LabCentral is designed as a launchpad for high-potential
Academy Award®-winning actor Chris Cooper, endeavor. Our experts frequently serve as adjunct faculty life sciences and biotech startups. Companies apply for
the film follows three young Americans with and guest lecturers at universities. the award and finalists present to an esteemed review
intellectual disabilities: Micah, Naieer and Professional connections between faculty and Agilent panel to determine the winner. This provides startups the
Naomie, who, with the support of family, research staff help us find areas of overlapping interest opportunity to work side-by-side on some of the most
educators and colleagues, work toward a and generate research proposals of mutual benefit. exciting potential breakthroughs in diagnostics,
future marked with increased inclusion and Agilent awards university grants semi-annually through a therapeutics and disease prevention.
independence. Their pioneering lives challenge
competitive selection of proposals, submitted by university
As Habib’s film demonstrates, while many strides have
staid notions of intelligence as they navigate
faculty at the invitation of our technical staff members. Educational support available
been made to make American culture more accepting of
high school, college and careers.
diversity, people with intellectual disability are perhaps the In addition to these opportunities, we also provide
Viewers see 17-year-old Naieer Shaheed’s journey Agilent Thought Leader Program
most marginalized group of Americans. Only 15% of those education and teaching tools, and assistance with
through a Boston public school and his desire for a
living with intellectual disability are employed, and a mere This invitational program promotes fundamental core facilities that provide workspace with the latest
career in visual arts; 32-year-old Micah Fialka-Feldman’s
17% are included in regular education classrooms. scientific advancements by focusing Agilent’s technological innovations and expertise without having
life as a student and assistant teacher at Syracuse
capabilities and resources to help accelerate the to purchase and maintain equipment. Learn more here.
University as he enters the dating scene; and 25-year-
Learn where to watch the film at research of influential thought leaders in the life sciences,
old Naomie Monplaisir’s attempt to secure work at a
www.intelligentlives.org diagnostics, and chemical analysis. In 2019, we awarded
Providence, Rhode Island beauty school to gain
four Agilent Thought Leader awards. Each recipient
financial independence.
receives an unrestricted cash award in support of
the professor’s research.
A father’s story, too
“ … people with intellectual disability are
Cooper’s narration begins with the emotional, personal perhaps the most marginalized group Agilent Early Career Professor Awards
story of his late son, Jesse, whose talent and intelligence
of Americans. Only 15% of those living This annual program recognizes – and supports –
helped him prove naysayers wrong and show that an IQ
promising research from professors who, early in their
score should not determine a person’s worth or potential. with intellectual disability are employed,
careers, show outstanding potential for future research
Cooper also provides context as he explains the evolution
and a mere 17% are included in regular
in areas of importance to the customers and markets
of intelligence testing and disability rights in the U.S.
education classrooms." we serve. The winner receives an unrestricted award
totaling $100,000 in support of the professor’s research.
We further support this research with the company’s
products and services, and the collaborative
engagement of Agilent scientists and engineers.
Read about our 2019 award winner here.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
66 67
8 10Forward, Together
External assurance About this report
Asia Pacific Europe Americas
Australia: Mulgrave Germany: Waldbronn U.S.: Santa Clara, California
2019 responsible assurance Agilent’s 2019 Corporate Social Responsibility Report is
based on a combination of quantitative and qualitative
statement by DEKRA
China: Shanghai U.K.: Church Stretton U.S.: Carpinteria, California
data relating to our environmental and social performance
This statement attests that DEKRA Certification can during fiscal year 2010 (Nov. 1, 2018, to Oct. 31, 2019).
India: Manesar Italy: Torino U.S.: Folsom, California
provide reasonable assurance of the claims regarding Data is recorded on a companywide basis unless
environmental, health, safety and social responsibility otherwise indicated. Agilent publishes its Corporate Social
Japan: Hachioji Netherlands: Middelburg U.S.: Boulder, Colorado
(EHS&SR), as they relate to identified suppliers by Agilent Responsibility Report annually and the 2019 Corporate
Technologies. In 2019 DEKRA performed global audits of Sustainability Report is prepared in accordance with
Malaysia: Penang Denmark: Glostrup U.S.: Colorado Springs, Colorado
Agilent-identified suppliers. These suppliers were found to GRI standards: core option. Our 2018 report launched
be in compliance with, or have provided corrective action on August 28, 2019. We have not made any material
Singapore: Yishun U.S.: Newport, Delaware
plans to become compliant with, Agilent’s stated EHS&SR restatements from the prior year.
program, including but not limited to: policies regarding
From the 2018 report, we updated the report from U.S.: Little Falls, Delaware
worker safety, environmental safety, Ozone Depleting
GRI guideline 4.0 to GRI standards. Agilent will keep
Compounds (ODC), and policies that strictly forbid and
topic materiality assessment results based on the U.S.: Cedar Creek, Texas
prevent any and all acts of human trafficking or slavery
standard requirement.
as those terms are used in the California Transparency in
We report on our subsidiaries and affiliates where we Agilent’s Corporate Social Responsibility Report content was developed in consultation with subject
Supply Chains Act of 2010, California Civil Code, section matter experts, consideration of changes in external regulations impacting Agilent, and evaluation of
have direct operational control unless otherwise noted. feedback from various internal functional stakeholders. Report content was contributed by a wide-
1714.43.
ranging group of Agilent employees from functions such as Human Resources, Investor Relations,
Significant year-over-year changes are noted. Where
Corporate Relations, Agilent Foundation, Environmental Health and Safety Management, Agilent
Agilent Foundation Statement FY19 has also been attested possible, we also use consistent reporting measures, Laboratory, Regulatory Affairs, Procurement and Global Sourcing. We also consulted with two firms
with expertise in GRI to assess last year’s report and suggest improvements.
by an independent auditor: Douglas Nichols, CPA. See
such as per square foot rather than per building or per
report in Agilent website. site. The environmental data for 2019 is reported for 19 This is the 19th Corporate Social Responsibility Report produced by Agilent.
Agilent energy, greenhouse gas emission, waste and water locations. These 19 locations meet the reporting criteria
For questions or comments regarding Agilent’s 2019 Corporate Social Responsibility Report,
data attested by external auditor TruCost in accordance of being ISO 14001 certified or included in Agilent’s EHS please contact us at: corporatecitizenship@agilent.com.
with AA100AS (2008) type 2 moderate-level assurance. Management System program, sites with a footprint of
Detailed TruCost assurance statement is available greater than 50,000 square feet, or those with potentially
at https://www.agilent.com/environment/Agilent%20 high environmental impacts.
Assurance%20Statement.pdf.
68 69Forward, Together
GRI Content Index
General Disclosure (Disclosure 102)
Organizational Profile Stockholder Engagement
GRI 102-1 Name of the Organization p. 5 GRI 102-40 List of Stakeholder Groups p. 15
GRI 102-2 Activities, Brands, Products, and Services p. 5 GRI 102-41 Collective Bargaining Agreements p. 15
GRI 102-3 Location of Headquarters p. 19 GRI 102-42 Identifying and Selecting Stakeholders p. 15
GRI 102-4 Location of Operations p. 5 GRI 102-43 Approach to Stakeholder Engagement p. 15
GRI 102-5 Ownership and Legal Form p. 5 GRI 102-44 Key Topics and Concerns Raised p. 15
GRI 102-6 Markets Served p. 22 Reporting Practice
GRI 102-7 Scale of the Organization p. 19 GRI 102-45 Entities Included in the Consolidated Financial Statements p. 68
GRI 102-8 Information on Employees and Other Workers p. 46 GRI 102-46 Defining Report Content and Topic Boundaries p. 69
GRI 102-9 Supply Chain p. 11 GRI 102-47 List of Material Topics p. 12
GRI 102-10 Significant Changes to the Organization and its Supply Chain p. 25 GRI 102-48 Restatements of Information p. 68
GRI 102-11 Precautionary Principle or Approach p. 10 GRI 102-49 Changes in Reporting p. 68
GRI 102-12 External Initiatives p. 14 GRI 102-50 Reporting Period p. 68
GRI 102-13 Membership of Associations p. 77 GRI 102-51 Date of Most Recent Report p. 68
Ethics and Integrity GRI 102-52 Reporting Cycle p. 68
GRI 102-16 GRI 102-16 Values, Principles, Standards and Norms of Behavior p. 6 GRI 102-53 Contact Point for Questions Regarding the Report p. 69
Governance GRI 102-54 Claims of Reporting in Accordance with the GRI Standards p. 68
GRI 102-18 Governance Structure p. 24 GRI 102-55 GRI Content Index p. 70
GRI 102-20 Executive-Level Responsibility for Economic, Environmental and Social Topics p. 78 GRI 102-56 External Assurance p. 68
GRI 102-22 Composition of the Highest Governance Body and its Committees p. 24
70 71Forward, Together
Economic (Disclosure 200)
GRI 302-4 Reduction of Energy Consumption p. 81
Economic Performance
GRI 302-5 Reductions in Energy Requirements of Products and Services p. 26
Management Approach: Economic Performance GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 25
Environmental (Disclosure 300)/Water
GRI 201-2 Financial Implications and Other Risks and Opportunities Due to Climate Change p. 26
Management Approach: Water GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 27
GRI 201-3 Defined Benefit Plan Obligations and Other Retirement Plans p. 25
GRI 303-1 Water Withdrawal by Source p. 27
Indirect Economic Impacts
GRI 303-2 Water Sources Significantly Affected by Withdrawal of Water p. 27
Management Approach: Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 26
GRI 303-3 Water Recycled and Reused p.
GRI 203-2 Significant Indirect Economic Impacts p. 64
Emission
Anti-Corruption
Management Approach: Emissions GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 27
Management Approach: Anti-corruption GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 24
GRI 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions p. 28
GRI 205-1 Operations Assessed for Risks Related to Corruption p. 24
GRI 305-2 GRI 305-2 Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions p. 28
GRI 205-2 Communication and Training about Anti-Corruption Policies and Procedures p. 24
GRI 305-3 GRI 305-3 Other Indirect (Scope 3) GHG Emissions p. 28
GRI 205-3 Communication and Training about Anti-Corruption Policies and Procedures p. 24
GRI 305-4 GHG Emissions Intensity p. 28
Anti-Competitive Behavior
GRI 305-5 Reduction of GHG Emissions p. 28
Management Approach: Anti-competitive Behavior GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 24
GRI 305-6 Emissions of Ozone-Depleting Substances (ODS) p. 28
GRI 206-1 Legal Actions for Anti-Competitive Behavior, Anti-trust and Monopoly Practices p. 25
GRI 305-7 Nitrogen Oxides (NOx), Sulfur Oxides (SOx), and Other Significant Air Emissions p. 29
Effluents and Water
Environmental (Disclosure 300)
Management Approach: Effluents and Waste GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 29
Energy
GRI 306-2 Waste by Type and Disposal Method p. 82
Management Approach: Energy GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 26
Environmental Compliance
GRI 302-1 Financial Implications and Other Risks and Opportunities Due to Climate Change p. 80
Management Approach: Environmental Compliance GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 29
GRI 302-2 Energy Consumption Outside of the Organization p. 81
GRI 307-1 Non-Compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations p. 29
GRI 302-3 Energy Intensity p. 81
72 73Forward, Together
Social (Disclosure 400)
Employment Human Rights Assessment
Management Approach: Employment GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 43 Management Approach: Human Rights Assessment GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 47
GRI 401-1 New Employee Hires and Employee Turnover p. 83 GRI 412-2 Employee Training on Human Rights Policies or Procedures p. 47
Benefits Provided to Full-Time Employees that are Not Provided to Significant Investment Agreements and Contracts That Include Human Rights Clauses
GRI 401-2 p. 43 GRI 412-3 p. 47
Temporary or Part-Time Employees or That Underwent Human Rights Screening
GRI 401-3 Parental Leave p. 43 Local Communities
Occupational Health and Safety Management Approach: Local Communities GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 57
Management Approach: Occupational Health and Safety GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 45 Operations with Local Community Engagement, Impact Assessments
GRI 413-1 p. 57
and Development Programs
Types of Injury and Rates of Injury, Occupational Diseases, Lost Days and Absenteeism,
GRI 403-2 p. 86
and Number of Work-Related Fatalities Consumer Health and Safety
Training and Education Management Approach: Customer Health and Safety GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 41
Management Approach: Training and Education GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 45 GRI 416-1 Assessment of the Health and Safety Impacts of Product and Service Categories p. 41
GRI 404-1 Average Hours of Training Per Year Per Employee p. 45 Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning the Health and Safety Impacts
GRI 416-2 p. 41
of Products and Services
GRI 404-2 Programs for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance Programs p. 45
Marketing and Labeling
GRI 404-3 Percentage of Employees Receiving Regular Performance and Career
GRI 404-3 p. 45
Development Reviews Management Approach: Marketing and Labeling GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 41
Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 417-1 Requirements for Product and Service Information and Labeling p. 42
Management Approach: Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 46 GRI 417-2 Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning Product and Service Information and Labeling p. 42
GRI 405-1 Diversity of Governance Bodies and Employees p. 46 GRI 417-3 Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning Marketing Communications p. 42
GRI 405-2 Ratio of Basic Salary and Remuneration of Women to Men p. 46 Customer Privacy
Child Labor Management Approach: Customer Privacy GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 42
Management Approach: Child Labor GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 11 Substantiated Complaints Concerning Breaches of Customer Privacy
GRI 418-1 p. 42
and Losses of Customer Data
GRI 408-1 Operations and Suppliers at Significant Risk for Incidents of Child Labor p. 47
74 75Forward, Together
GRI 102: Organizational profile Index: GRI 102 Governance
102-13 Membership of associations GRI 102-20: Executive level responsibility for economic, environmental and social topics
Agilent participates in trade, industry and professional organizations that are local, national and global. Participation helps us
Responsibility Job Title Level From Board Level From CEO
achieve business and citizenship goals by enabling us to work with other companies on common issues. Memberships also
keep Agilent employees abreast of industry issues and best practices and provide vehicles that allow us to contribute to and
Overall Responsibility for VP, Workplace Services
influence public policy. Examples of these memberships are: 3 2
Corporate Social Responsibility Director, Communications and
3 2
and Sustainability Public Relations
American American Society Association of Talent AOAC Health and Safety VP, Workplace Services 3 2
ANSI
Physical Society of Quality Developement International
Environmental Issues VP, Workplace Services 3 2
Risk Management Director, Global Security 4 3
Category and Sourcing Cold Spring Harbor Center for
Boston College Center for CALCE - Center for Advanced Life
Managers Executive Laboratories Meetings Bioanalytic
Corporate Citizenship Cycle Engineering
(CASME) and Courses Program Metrology
Supply Chain Social
Senior Director, Global Sourcing 3 2
Responsibility
CEO Action: 2018 CEO Engineering Advisory Board, EBRC - Engineering Human Rights Issues Senior VP, Human Resources 2 1
Confederation of Ignited
Action Pledge for College of Engineering, Biology Research
Indian Industry (formerly IISME)
Diversity & Inclusion UC Berkeley Consortium
Labor Issues Employment Law Counsel 3 2
Institute of
iNEMI (National Electronics Industry Initiatives for Science and
IPC GovWin Electrical and
Manufacturers Initiative) Math Education (IISME)
Electronics Engineers
GUIRR - Government- International Genetically National Association
NAEM (National Association for National Academy
University-Industry Engineered Machine of Software and
Environmental Managers) of Engineering
Research Roundtable (iGEM) Services Companies
National Medal of
Technology and New York Academy Responsible Minerals Initiative Society of Society of
Innovation Nomination of Sciences (RMI) Women Engineers Vacuum Coaters
Evaluation Committee
Society for Laboratory
Stanford Interdisciplinary Synthetic Biology Engineering Technology Services
Automation and SystemX
Life Sciences Council Research Center (SynBERC) Industry Association
Screening (SLAS)
VDGH German IVD Visiting Committee for Advanced
TechUK
Association Technology, NIST
76 77Forward, Together
GRI 201-2
Methos Used to Methos Used to
Finance Finance
Type Catalog Description Impact Description Manage Risk or Costs of Action Type Catalog Description Impact Description Manage Risk or Costs of Action
Implications Implications
Opportunity Opportunity
Increased demand
We have considered the impact of current
Presently $5k-10k per for renewable
and proposed US EPA CO2 regulations. Change in average temperature will drive
year for management power. Increased Monitor regulatory Incremental sales
Currently, Agilent falls below the threshold Monitor regulatory Change in the demand for more electrical power,
Emission resources. Estimated Risk / demand for obligations and opportunity could
requirement that would obligate us to Increased developments Physical average and Agilent will consider sourcing more
Risk Regulatory reporting financial implication Opportunity air emissions target applicable be hundreds of
major mitigation or financial remediation. operational cost and compliance temperature renewable energy in pursuit of reducing
obligations for non-compliance monitoring and customer base. thousands of dollars.
Increased reporting obligations would obligations. Agilent’s carbon footprint.
$50,000 - 150,000 other Agilent
create an additional financial expense
USD/year products.
for Agilent.
Reduction in Track the market
sales from both shift and adjust
Since April 2010 Agilent’s Hachioji site Reduction in product and service demand
Shift to products and products and Incremental impact
in Japan has been under the Tokyo Monitor and from Agilent’s fossil fuel and associated
Reduction or Estimated financial Risk Markets renewable services from services to mitigate could be hundreds of
Cap-and-Trade scheme. Non-compliance observe compliance chemically intensive customers as supply
Cap and trade disruption in implication for non- energy demand fossil fuel and and capitalize thousands of dollars
Risk Regulatory with the scheme would result in a fine. obligations; also shifts to the renewable sector.
schemes production compliance could be petrochemical on emerging
The last compliance period ended in observe Agilent’s
capacity $10k – $50k customers. opportunities.
2019 and Agilent emitted less than the emissions.
emissions allowance.
Increase in
Track the market and
sales from both
Shift to lower Increased demand for air and chemical customer shift and Incremental sales
Presently $10k-$50k products and
Increased precipitation and extreme carbon-based analysis from customers engaged in the adjust products and opportunity could
per year for Opportunity Markets services from
weather events (including fire risk due chemical pursuit of more sustainable operations, services to capitalize be hundreds of
management customers in the
to drought) pose a risk to Agilent by industries. products and lower carbon footprints. on emerging thousands of dollars.
Reduction or resources. chemical and
Chance in disrupting business activities in many areas, opportunities.
disruption in Developed business analysis sectors.
Risk Physical mean (average) including transportation of goods and
production or continuity plans. Estimated financial
percipitation services, physical impact to our office and
service capability. implication for
manufacturing operations, and disruption to
our customers. In addition, our employees business disruption Continued focus
have exposure to the same risks. m co i u lli l o d n b d e o s l e la v r e s r . al Agilent is committed to a sustainable future o m n a p n r a o g a in c g ti v A e g ly il ent’s
and is proactively working to minimize its
sustainability
impact on climate change – that supports Agilent’s brand
Increased demand program, improving
Reputation as our mission to advance the quality of life. differentiation has
for existing our environmental
Opportunity Reputation a sustainable Agilent sees consumer and customer the potential for
Risk Physical Sea level rise F m lo a o n d u i f n a g c t o u f r i A n g g i l f e a n c t i l o it w ie n s e o d r o w r a l r e e a h s o e u d s o e f s fices, R d p ca r i e s o p d r d a u u u c p c c i t t t t i i y o o io n n n i o n r D co e n v t e i l n o u p it e y d p b la u n s s in . ess b c t E im h o u s o t u s p i u i l m l n d i s c e a a a b s n t t e e s i d o d h s d n u fi i o s n f n f o r d a u r d r n p e o c t d l i i l o s a a n l r o s f . company. a s d a t w n if e d f a w e r t r a e o e r n n d a e t s t i s t a h r s a t i p e o c t f i a t a s o s n e u a l d r f n c r f o e o ro p t r a m p p i o o n o r r a e t u u t m r e n c p i e t o l y n o m v y to i e p r o e e n s ti . m to e rs n t al p se ro rv d i u c c e t s s and s c r s e e t t o m e a s m w u k p e l l m a t o h s r y u o d e t n l s o e d i h c s e e i a . p r x s t t , i e n a a r g n n n d d a th l e i d n o c l r la e r m s. ental sales
As air pollution limits and other forms of
regulations drive the consumer market in
the direction of more renewable energy, Increased Monitor regulatory Incremental sales
Air pollution Agilent will have an opportunity to provide demand for obligations and opportunity could
Opportunity Regulatory
limits measurement equipment to the air and existing products target applicable be hundreds of
emissions monitoring markets. Agilent and services customer base. thousands of dollars
manufactures equipment to accurately
measure air pollution and monitor the air.
78 79Forward, Together
GRI 302: Energy
302-1: Energy consumption within the organization 302-2: Energy consumption outside of the organization
Consumption by Fuel Type (Renewable) 2019 2018 2017 Non-renewable energy categories/activities
2019 2018 2017
(metric tons of CO2e)
On-site solar power generation (Gigajoules-GJ) 6,809 5,501 6,090
Upstream: employee commuting 10,031 7,387 7,961
Consumption by Fuel Type (Non-Renewable) (Gigajoules-GJ) 2019 2018 2017
Upstream: upstream transportation and distribution 139,715 122,469 119,459
Natural Gas 143,273 117,033 117,359
Upstream: business travel 19,255 23,742 24,127
Diesel Fuel 126 343 580
Total external non-renewable energy consumption 169,001 153,589 15,1547
Propane 277 192 177
302-3: Energy intensity
Total consumption from non-renewable fuel sources 143,676 117,568 118,116
2019 2018 2017
Energy consumed (Gigajoules-GJ) 2019 2018 2017
Numerator (kWh) 146,060,472 144,610,893 137,142,455
Electricity 360,166 365,251 351,501
Denominator (sq. ft.) 3,812,399 3,812,399 3,625,993
Heating 19,693 45,781 21,490
Energy Intensity kWh/sq. ft. 38.31 37.93 37.82
Total energy consumption 37,9859 411,032 372,991
302-4: Reduction of energy consumption
Total energy consumed (Gigajoules-GJ) 2019 2018 2017 2019 2018 2017
Overall total energy consumption 530,344 534,101 497,197 Electricity Reduction (GJ) 406 28,841 20,500
The new energy center at Waldbronn became fully operational in FY18 which has impacted Projects commenced in FY19 and due to be operational in early FY20:
12,359
the Scope 1 and Scope 2 energy consumption. Expected Electricity Reduction (GJ)
80 81Forward, Together
GRI 305: Emission
Method of disposal and weight (metric tons)
2019 2018 2017
of hazardous waste
305-2: Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
Reuse 0 0 0
Source of emissions factors and the GWP rates used:
• Latest available data on the 1st Jan 2020 - ref: IEA 2019 Report and US EPA EGrid 2016 Data Recycling 1,614 1,543 1,343
Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used for Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions:
Composting 0 0 0
• Defra Voluntary Reporting Guidelines
• Energy Information Administration 1605B
Recovery (including energy recovery) 0 0 0
• IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, 2006
• US EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule Incineration (mass burn) 981 614 573
Deep well injection 0 0 0
GRI 306: Effluents and Waste
Landfill 9 13 41
306-2: Waste by type and disposal method
On-site storage 0 0 0
Method of disposal and weight (metric tons)
2019 2018 2017
Treated 2,378 2.227 2,169
of non-hazardous waste
Total weight of non-hazardous waste disposed 4,982 4,397 4,126
Reuse 0 0 0
Total weight of non-hazardous and hazardous waste disposed 8,129 9,248 6,427
Recycling 1,915 4,027 1,598
Composting 388 242 153
Recovery (including energy recovery) 0 0 0
Incineration (mass burn) 374 256 276
Deep well injection 0 0 0
Landfill 470 326 274
On-site storage 0 0 0
Total weight of non-hazardous waste disposed 3,147 4,851 2,301
82 83Forward, Together
401-1: New employee hires and employee turnover
Approximate total number of employees: 16,300
EMPLOYEES EMPLOYEES EMPLOYEES EMPLOYEES
NEW HIRE NEW HIRE NEW HIRE NEW HIRE
Regions Age Group Gender LEAVING LEAVING Regions Age Group Gender LEAVING LEAVING
Total number Rate Total number Rate
Total number Rate Total number Rate
under 30 Male 768 4.7% 90 0.6% under 30 Male 350 2.1% 51 0.3%
between 30-50 Male 1,666 10.2% 309 1.9% between 30-50 Male 758 4.7% 158 1.0%
over 50 Male 302 1.9% 154 0.9% over 50 Male 16 0.1% 16 0.1%
under 30 Female 718 4.4% 81 0.5% under 30 Female 268 1.6% 45 0.3%
Global between 30-50 Female 1,160 7.1% 219 1.3% Asia Pacific between 30-50 Female 526 3.2% 100 0.6%
over 50 Female 182 1.1% 81 0.5% over 50 Female 16 0.1% 7 0.0%
under 30 Undisclosed 4 0.0% - - under 30 Undisclosed - - - -
between 30-50 Undisclosed 4 0.0% - - between 30-50 Undisclosed - - - -
over 50 Undisclosed - - - - over 50 Undisclosed - - - -
GLOBAL TOTAL 4,804 29.4% 934 5.7% under 30 Male 224 1.4% 33 0.2%
under 30 Male 194 1.2% 6 0.0% between 30-50 Male 512 3.1% 102 0.6%
between 30-50 Male 396 2.4% 49 0.3% over 50 Male 222 1.4% 81 0.5%
over 50 Male 64 0.4% 57 0.3% under 30 Female 230 1.4% 25 0.2%
under 30 Female 220 1.3% 11 0.1% Americas between 30-50 Female 396 2.4% 80 0.5%
Europe &
between 30-50 Female 238 1.5% 39 0.2% over 50 Female 150 0.9% 58 0.4%
Middle East
over 50 Female 16 0.1% 16 0.1% under 30 Undisclosed 2 0.0% - -
under 30 Undisclosed 2 0.0% - - between 30-50 Undisclosed 2 0.0% - -
between 30-50 Undisclosed 2 0.0% - - over 50 Undisclosed - - - -
over 50 Undisclosed - - - -
84 85Forward, Together
86 87Agilent Technologies, Inc. 2019
www.agilent.com