Advancing Quality of Life
Through People, Products, Planet and Prosperity
Agilent’s Fiscal Year 2021 ESG ReportTable of Contents
Letter from the CEO 3
About Agilent 6
Environment 29
Social 55
Governance 97
Appendices
TCFD 107
SASB 115
GRI 122Letter from
the CEOFrom Our CEO report to highlight the societal challenges we face and the
ways we are addressing them. We’ve done this every year
of our existence as a company. This year, that reporting has
Since Agilent’s formation as an independent company in evolved significantly as we have extended and expanded our
1999, we have had a consistent, firmly held commitment work in this area to produce Agilent’s first-ever report focused
to protecting the environment, treating people with respect, on the key guidelines and metrics addressing environmental,
and operating with the highest levels of integrity. social and governance (ESG) issues.
We’re also committed to transparency and ensuring our At Agilent, ESG is woven into the fabric of our business and is
record in these areas is visible to all. That’s why Agilent has part of what we strive to do all day, every day. The fact is, it's
regularly produced a corporate social responsibility (CSR) our corporate mission to advance the quality of life, so while
creating an inaugural ESG-focused report meant incorporating
new data and information, it was also a very natural move for
us to make.
We believe we can make a difference in helping to protect the
planet, enhance human health, be a leader in the marketplace,
and in promoting diversity, fairness, and equality to achieve a
more prosperous world for all. That's why the cornerstones
of our approach to ESG are centered around what we call the
“Four Ps” - people, products, planet, and prosperity.
In this ESG report, you will learn how the Four Ps guided
our commitment to a goal of producing net-zero carbon
emissions. The Four Ps also played a role in our decision to
report on our environmental progress using the Task Force
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 4on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. established new employee networking groups, set goals to
TCFD reporting will now be an annual part of our ESG report further increase the diversity of our team, and accelerated
to go along with earlier decisions to provide information based our recruitment of diverse candidates. Agilent’s focus on
on the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB), people, planet, products, and prosperity helps make the
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDG), and world a better place by allowing us to address important
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) guidelines. environmental, social and governance issues that are critical
today and will continue to be long into the future.
In this report, we also share how we are addressing the
area of product design and lifecycle management with Agilent is committed to improvement every day in the work
our involvement in My Green Lab and their Accountability, we do to advance the quality of life. It’s who we are. And we
Consistency, and Transparency (ACT) labeling program. This believe this 2021 ESG report reflects that.
important effort is centered around manufacturing, energy
Thank you for your support of our ESG work. We look
and water use, packaging, and product end-of-life – all geared
forward to continuing, expanding, and delivering strong
toward providing customers more information on Agilent’s
results in this space well into the future.
environmental footprint.
During the last year, Agilent also advanced the work of its
R&D/product introduction sustainability team to help make
sustainability an intentional element of the product design and
lifecycle process. At the same time, we have reduced carbon
emissions per square foot by 34% in the last seven years and
Mike McMullen
municipal water use by 22% per square foot over the same
President & CEO
period, while diverting 94% of our solid waste from landfills.
In our work to expand diversity and inclusion, we increased
the number of women in executive leadership roles,
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 5About AgilentAbout Agilent
Agilent Technologies Inc. (NYSE: A) is a global leader in the life sciences, diagnostics, and applied chemical markets,
delivering insight and innovation that advance the quality of life. Our full range of solutions includes instruments,
software, services, and expertise that provide trusted answers to our customers' most challenging questions. We
employ 17,000 people and serve customers in 110 countries.
265,000 17,000 $6.32
B
Labs use Agilent solutions Employees worldwide Revenues in fiscal 2021
Agilent serves customers in growing markets that are solving society’s biggest challenges—from disease detection
and therapeutics to environmental health and food safety.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 7Agilent serves large, attractive markets representing a $65B opportunity
Pharma & Chemical & Energy Clinical & Diagnostics
Biopharma
$5B
TAM
$17B
TAM
$19B
TAM Market Position: #1 Market Position: #2-3
Market Position: #2
Academic & Food Environmental
Government & Forensics
$5B
TAM
$13B
TAM Market Position: #2
$6B
TAM
Market Position: #2 Market Position: #1
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 8Our three business units drive growth
and innovation in these markets:
Life Sciences and Applied Markets (LSAG )
Our Life Sciences and Applied Markets business provides application-focused solutions that include
instruments, software, and consumables that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the
physical and biological properties of substances and products, as well as enable customers in the
clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level.
Agilent CrossLab Group (ACG)
The Agilent CrossLab business spans the entire customer experience with sales, services and
marketing designed to improve customer outcomes. Most of the portfolio is vendor neutral,
meaning Agilent can serve and supply customers regardless of their instrument-purchase choices.
Solutions include services and software helping to connect the entire lab. Services include startup,
operational, training and compliance support, software as a service, as well as asset management
and consultative services that help increase customer productivity.
Diagnostics and Genomics (DGG)
Our Diagnostics and Genomics business includes the genomics, nucleic acid contract
manufacturing and research and development, pathology, companion diagnostics, reagent
partnership and biomolecular analysis businesses. These businesses provide solutions for
diagnostics, clinical & research applications in cancer, inherited and infectious disease.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 92021 Business Highlights
Agilent reported a record $6.32 billion in revenues, nearly a billion dollars
higher than the previous year. Each business group grew by double digits.
Agilent saw growth throughout all markets and regions—with our pharma
market exceptionally strong at 24 percent growth.
Agilent’s revenue mix by market and region:
21%
35% 35% 35% 38%
10%
27% 10% 15% 27%
9%
Pharma & Biotech Dx & Clinical Americas Europe
A&G Environment & Forensics Asia Pacific
Food Chemical & Energy
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 10ESG is woven into the fabric of our business.
It is part of what we strive to do all day, every day. The fact is, it's our corporate
mission to advance the quality of life.
And, as a mission-driven company, we don't take our role lightly. We advance quality of life by addressing
the interconnections between our business, the needs of society, and the risks to our planet. This includes
improving our own operations, harnessing the best team in the industry to evolve new products and
services, and helping our customers to achieve their environmental goals.
Whether it’s diagnosing cancer, measuring the safety of the world’s air, water, and food, or helping to
develop alternative proteins, we’re delivering the scientific solutions that address the challenges and
concerns of people and communities around the world.
In doing these things we create prosperity in the broadest sense of the word.
We believe we can make a difference in helping to protect the planet, enhance human health, being a leader
in the marketplace, and in promoting diversity, fairness, and equality to achieve a more prosperous world
for all. That's why the cornerstones of our approach to ESG are centered around what we call the Four P's
- people, products, planet, and prosperity.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 11People
Agilent’s ESG programs start with the impact we have on people. This includes everyone
we touch: employees, our customers, our shareholders, people in the local communities where
we operate and those who benefit from our technologies. In our workplace and beyond, Agilent
is committed to helping build a better society for all.
We know that with the most talented and enthusiastic employees in the industry we can do
great things as a company. As an employer, we treat people with respect and value innovation.
We strive to develop and retain a workforce that mirrors the vibrant diversity of the customers
and communities we serve. Our collective backgrounds, cultures and differences create an
inclusive environment where a variety of perspectives are embraced and promoted.
As good corporate citizens, we strive to run our business in a way that encourages dialogue,
transparency, and responsiveness. We have implemented sound and effective governance
practices that promote long-term value and accountability to our stakeholders. In addition,
we regularly assess the appropriate level of monitoring and disclosure to achieve these goals.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 12Agilent's Six End Markets
Products
Pharma and Biopharma Environmental and Forensics
Innovation is central to the products Agilent creates, the impact
they have, and to the company’s ultimate success. Agilent is proud
Enabling customers to develop lifesaving Helping to address the safety of water, soil, and
to have over 50 technology platforms that improve health, provide
medicines and bring high quality biologics air to protect human health, while also enabling
safety, and deliver trusted answers to our customers.
to market. customers to produce reliable results to help
keep society safe, protect first responders, and
The innovation that goes into these platforms helps us ensure
detect the presence of dangerous drugs.
the highest quality products and services that meet all regulatory Food
requirements and is key to helping us achieve our mission of
advancing the quality of life. We sell our products into six end Testing and surveillance of the supply Diagnostics and Clinical
markets geared toward meeting the goals of this important mission: chain to ensure the world's food supply
is safe and wholesome, along with Bringing state-of-the-art diagnostics to patients
By designing our products to reduce their environmental footprint,
developing innovative technologies for worldwide to fight cancer, improve the quality of
together with digitalization and other services, we help our customers
alternative proteins. patient's lives through genetics and enable new
achieve their own decarbonization and environmental goals.
discoveries that advance human health.
Agilent also delivers next-generation laboratory services that improve
Chemical and Energy
lab efficiency and sustainability. Our continuous focus on innovation
Academia and Government
supports our business’ strategic and financial goals, while advancing
to reduce environmental impact and
the quality of life across our six end markets.
develop new technologies such as biofuels Supplying academic and government
and new materials. labs with transformative technology for
advanced research.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 13Planet
Agilent sees climate change as one of the most critical challenges
of our time. In November 2021, we announced we will achieve net-
zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. Our commitment is based
on a comprehensive approach that adopts Paris Agreement climate
targets, clearly defined interim goals, regular disclosures on our
progress and signing-on to the Science Based Targets initiative.
In addition to our net-zero commitment, since Agilent’s beginning, we
have been dedicated to being good environmental stewards of the
resources required to run our business. Agilent strives to consistently
improve sustainability within our operations, and through our
innovative products and technologies that address complex issues in
a sustainable way.
We take this responsibility seriously and invest over $5 million annually
in sustainability-focused initiatives. Our long-standing approach to
sustainability has achieved significant results and added value to
improving the environment.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 14Prosperity
We believe that this focus on people, planet and products
is central to achieving our most fundamental obligation
as a company, which is generating broad prosperity,
an equitable society, and quality of life. A strong internal
governance structure is essential to this effort and is core
to our approach. We’re able to do this at the same time we
work to promote a healthy planet—all of which are essential
to prosperity and supporting a flourishing world for our
generation, and generations to come.
By the nature of our business and how we focus on its
success, we maximize our contribution to people, planet, and
products. This is how we create shared prosperity at Agilent.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 15Summary
OUR MISSION
Agilent’s focus on people, planet, products, and
prosperity helps make the world a better place by
Advancing the
allowing us to address important environmental,
People Products Planet
social and governance issues that are critical today Quality of Life
and will continue to be long into the future.
A vibrant, diverse and Improving sustainability of Reducing the impact of
Are we satisfied with our progress? We’re proud of
inclusive team that treats our products and services our operations. Net-zero
what we’ve achieved, but we’re not satisfied. There
others with respect. while enabling customers commitment.
will always be more to do in terms of monitoring, to achieve their goals
Successfully addressing
reporting, and creating processes and programs that
environmental, social, and
Our technologies touch Technologies deployed
advance the goals of our ESG initiatives.
governance (ESG) issues is
all people and the quality A strategic focus to by our customers to
woven into the fabric of our
Agilent is committed to improvement every day in the of their lives. advance health and solve societies biggest
work we do to advance the quality of life. company – it's part of what we science. challenges
strive to do all day, every day.
It’s who we are.
Prosperity
Enabling better health and advancing science to create shared prosperity for all.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 16Our Reporting Framework
We have used the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards to guide our reporting over many years, and this year
we are reporting in accordance with the new standard released in 2021. And for the second consecutive year, we’re
reporting Sustainability Accounting Standards Board data (SASB). The UN Sustainable Development Goals are an
important guide for our reporting, and this report notes our initiatives that support these UN goals.
Additionally, this marks our first report that includes recommendations from the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD). And to further advance our environmental sustainability goals, we’ve signed on to the
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
See indexes and reports for these initiatives below:
View in Appendix View in Appendix View in Appendix
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 17UN Sustainable Development Goals When developing new ESG programs or advance existing ones, we consider the following nine UN
Sustainable Development Goals due to their relevance to Agilent’s mission and operations.
• Advancing the quality of • Supporting pay equity and • Reducing our water use • Creating jobs through • Investing in R&D,
life through our products diversity in leadership and and intensity expansion and growth manufacturing technologies
and services management and infrastructure
• Making the instruments • Cultivating a workplace
• Supporting the health, safety used to test for impurities culture where employees • Advancing scientific
and wellness of our employee or contamination in water thrive innovation through university
and food supplies & research initiatives
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 18UN Sustainable Development Goals
• Promoting diversity and • Extending the life of • Committing to net-zero • Working with universities,
inclusion in our workforce our products through greenhouse gas emissions private sector partners, and
refurbishment and reuse by 2050 early-stage companies to
• Funding education programs
while maintaining our high advance breakthroughs in
that promote STEM learning • Reducing Scope 3
standard of quality life science and to promote
in underrepresented emissions by at least 30%
quality of life
communities • Sourcing materials from by 2030
suppliers with high social and
environmental standards
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 192021 ESG Highlights
Committed to net-zero Since 2014, reduced carbon Reduced municipal Diverted
emissions by emissions intensity per water intensity by
square foot by
2050
94%
22%
34%
And reducing Scope 1 and 2
Of our solid waste
emissions by 50% and Scope 3
Per square foot since 2014 from landfills
emissions by 30%
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 20Expanded green Increased share of women
labeling of our products leaders at the highest
levels from 10% to
30%
(My Green Lab ACT label)
And increased board diversity
2 Released our first
Years
TCFD report
into the pandemic
we achieved industry
leading employee
engagement levels
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 21Innovation, Research & Development
Building a better world is central to our business. Our products and services are used by Academic research
scientists, researchers, and clinicians to improve quality of life—from providing better cancer
treatments to developing alternative protein sources. We’re also active in advancing the state of We fund and collaborate with leading university faculty to explore new technologies
knowledge and innovation in our sector through investments in R&D, academic research, and and methodologies, including through our Thought Leader award program.
innovative early-stage companies.
Awardees from 2021 include:
R&D investments
Drs. Carl June and Michael Milone of the University
We have 17 major centers for technology expertise across the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. of Pennsylvania to support research on defining
Our labs collaborate with global leaders in academic, government and industrial research. standards for the design, validation, and manufacturing
Agilent’s central labs organization works closely with our businesses in technology of cell-based cancer therapeutics.
commercialization. The innovation of our labs enables products with long-term growth and
leverage expertise across the company develop next-generation technology and solutions.
Dr. David Liu of the Broad Institute of MIT to support
research to expand CRISPR-based methods including prime
Last year, we invested $441 million in R&D in several technologies and base editing.
central to advancing quality of life:
Dr. Chris Elliott of Queen’s University Belfast in Northern
• Mass spectrometry • Genomics
Ireland to develop analytical approaches to solve complex
• Pathology • Informatics food authenticity challenges, focusing on making complex test
methods more routine and easier to use.
• Liquid chromatography • Cell analysis
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 22Investing in Early-Stage Company Partnerships
To further drive innovation, we make strategic investments in early-stage companies developing
solutions based on emerging science with broad market appeal.
Following are some of the early stage companies we invested in during FY21:
Akadeum Life Sciences, the developer of a novel flotation-based target
isolation platform technology to solve sample preparation problems
DNA Script, a pioneer in Enzymatic DNA Synthesis (EDS) and DNA
printing on demand
Molecular Assemblies, a company developing an enzymatic DNA
synthesis technology designed to power the next generation of DNA-
based products
Miroculus, a leader in enabling personalized medicine that develops
revolutionary tools for personal lab automation
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 23The Societal Impact of Agilent
Instruments and Diagnostics
At Agilent, we take pride not only in how our offerings impact our customers, but how
they impact their work and the world. From energy storage to lithium-ion batteries
used in electric cars, to water and air analysis and beyond, Agilent’s instruments and
diagnostics tools and services are used in many ways that help advance quality of life.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 24Chemicals and Energy Food Environmental
Agilent provides technology to monitor and measure
For over 40 years, Agilent products have been used to ensure Agilent provides solutions for analyzing organic and
sustainable energy sources, while improving laboratory
food safety, quality, and authenticity. Today, our technology inorganic chemicals in water, soil, air, or food supplies.
productivity, efficiency, and safety.
also supports food sustainability and security.
Applications include:
Applications include:
Applications include:
• Air analysis and monitoring
• Hydrogen fuel • Analyzing contaminants such as pesticides, toxins, and
• Detecting environmental contaminants like
• Biofuels veterinary drug residues
PFAS, microplastics, and toxic algae
• Wind energy • Authenticity analysis to mitigate food fraud
• Water analysis
• Energy storage devices • Alternative proteins and sustainably sourced ingredients
• Analyzing soils, sludges, and sediments
• Organic and inorganic impurity analysis • Food packaging and processing
• Measuring contaminant exposure from the
• Nutrition, health, and verifying label claims
environment on humans and biota
Agilent solutions also support development of eco-friendly,
next-generation advanced materials and ensure safety of
consumer products.
Applications include:
• Materials testing and research of eco-friendly products,
such as Li-ion batteries for electric cars
• Testing and analysis of advanced polymer and electronic
materials
• Detecting harmful contaminants in consumer products
and packaging
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 25Pharma and Biopharma Clinical Diagnostics
Agilent provides tools for small molecule pharmaceutical Agilent provides solutions for biotherapeutic development New technologies and a greater understanding of the causes
development and manufacturing to drive industry and manufacturing that drive productivity. Agilent also and pathways of diseases moving through the research-
productivity, helping companies to meet their provides oligo therapeutic APIs and CRISPR guides at clinical continuum is driving a revolution in precision
sustainability goals. commercial scale. medicine. Agilent enables physicians to identify and treat
maladies earlier, more effectively, and at a lower cost.
Applications include: Applications include:
Applications include:
• Pharmaceutical impurities analysis • Protein therapeutics: mAb, fusion, and recombinant proteins
• Tissue-based cancer diagnostics: With a range of
• Mutagenic impurities analysis • Synthetic oligonucleotide therapeutics
complementary pathology staining solutions, we help
• Residual solvent analysis • CRISPR and gene editing
pathologists increase quality, productivity, and efficiency,
• Extractables and leachables (E&Ls) analysis • Novel mRNA vaccines and AAP/LNP delivery while minimizing errors to provide accurate diagnosis
• Elemental impurities analysis for patients.
• Cell therapeutics
• Content uniformity and polymorph analysis • Molecular cancer diagnostics: The Agilent Resolution ctDx
• Bulk synthetic oligo therapeutics API
platform noninvasive liquid-biopsy technology enables
• Dissolution testing
• Bulk CRISPR guides
the development of tests to help oncologists speed the
• Drug toxicity
diagnosis and identification of specific cancer treatments.
• Companion diagnostics: We partner and collaborate with
pharma to deliver world-class companion diagnostics to
accelerate precision medicine and improve patient care.
• Postnatal: We help detect genetic anomalies to
enable postnatal patients and their families to avoid
diagnostic odysseys.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 26Stakeholder Engagement We also engage with stakeholders beyond this core to include government agencies,
community organizations, members of the media, industry standard-setting
organizations, and non-governmental organizations. Much of this engagement is
through participation in industry and trade groups at local, regional, state, national and
Agilent engages with a wide range of stakeholders on issues that affect the company's operations.
international levels to address emerging issues; develop industrywide approaches to
These engagements inform our materiality assessment, our priorities and our goals on a range of
environmental and social challenges; and to identify areas to cooperate with other groups
ESG issues. Our core stakeholders include customers, employees, investors and suppliers, with
on common concerns.
whom we conduct ongoing and concentrated engagement activities:
• A global customer experience survey is implemented in 19 languages across 50 countries
worldwide to consistently improve customer experience. The Product Design and Lifecycle
Management section of this ESG report details how lab customer survey responses help us
better understand their sustainability challenges and how we can help address them.
• An annual employee survey is conducted to assess our leadership and employee engagement
performance along with many other initiatives. We take great pride in these efforts and the
results of our most recent employee survey are included in the Human Capital Management
section of this report.
• Regular meetings with investors, presentations at investor conferences, quarterly financial
results conference calls, and the annual shareholder meeting, are all aspects of our investor
relations efforts. More details are available on the Agilent Investor Relations website.
• Setting high standards for integrity and quality among our suppliers and actively engaging with
them to ensure performance standards and measures are met is a priority. See more in the
Supply Chain Management section.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 272021 Materiality Matrix
Materiality Assessment
Our materiality assessment is a fundamental element of
our stakeholder engagement process. Through periodic
surveys of our stakeholders, we identify environmental,
social and governance topics of greatest relevance and
use the results to inform our business planning, strategies,
goals, and reporting.
Our materiality matrix highlights the issues that are most
important to our business and to our stakeholders.
We conducted our first materiality assessment in 2019. We
updated that assessment in early 2021, and we expect to
High
issue another update in next year’s ESG report.
hgiH
Moderate
etaredoM
Very High
hgiH
yreV
Significance of Impacts
People Business Integrity & Prosperity Planet All Themes
sredlohekatS
ot
ecnatropmI
Innovation & R+D
Ethical business
conduct
Product sustainability
Climate change & energy
Product safety & quality
Waste management
Customer satisfaction
Occupational Corporate governance & leadership & engagement
health & safety
Diversity & inclusion
Water & effluents
Labor practices
Economic performance Supply chain
Talent attraction sustainability & sourcing
& retention
Air quality & other
emissions Market presence & pricing
Chemicals & Community
hazardous materials engagement & relations
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 28EnvironmentLast year we took several important steps in our response to the
climate crisis—from committing to net zero to further institutionalizing
sustainability into our product development and lifecycle process,
helping our customers reach their sustainability goals.
We also made progress on key environmental goals we set for
ourselves to reduce energy, water use, solid waste, and emissions.
And we updated our emissions goal to reflect a more aggressive
reduction to meet our net-zero commitment.
In this environmental report, we recount our progress toward those
goals, report environmental metrics, and then discuss new initiatives
and how our actions are becoming further integrated into all aspects Agilent has been listed on
Agilent has also ranked in the
of our value chain. Corporate Knights's Global 100
top three on Barron’s 100 Most
ranking of the most sustainable
Sustainable Companies for:
corporations in the world for:
7 Consecutive 3 Consecutive
Years Years
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 30Our progress last year toward our existing goals: Below is our updated goal to meet net-zero greenhouse
gas emissions by 2050.
Goal Progress Goal (2019 baseline) Target Date
By 2024, reduce our energy intensity Ahead of goal:
Reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 50% 2030
by 10% (2014 baseline) 12%
By 2024, reduce water intensity by 20% Ahead of goal:
Reduce Scope 3 emissions by 30% 2030
(2014 baseline) 22%
By 2021, divert solid waste from landfills Just below goal: Achieve net-zero emissions 2050
by 95% 94%
By 2025, reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions Ahead of goal:
In the following pages, we explain how we’re achieving
intensity by 25% (2014 baseline)1 34%
those goals and provide metrics reflecting our progress.
1. Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity goals were effective as of FY21. It was updated in 2021 from previous goal: “By 2024, reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity by 10 percent (2014 baseline)”,
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 31Managing Environmental
Sustainability
Environmental management of our internal operations is led by our Global EHS
Director, who reports to the Vice President of Workplace Services and Head of ESG
Programs. The EHS Management team plays a central role in managing energy, waste,
water and emissions of all our sites worldwide.
Agilent’s EHS management system (EHSMS) has been implemented at our
major manufacturing sites, with five sites certified to ISO 14001 under a multi-site
certification and Beijing certified to both ISO 14001 and ISO 45001.2 These sites are
internally audited against the same criteria as relevant to site operations, regardless
of certification status. Updated annually, we also maintain a global EHSMS risk
and opportunity register that identifies risks by risk levels, mitigation measures,
opportunities, recommended actions and related objectives and targets. Priority issues
include energy/emissions, waste, water use, and chemical management. In addition
to our EHS management team, we task leaders and experts across disciplines and
groups to work together to solve complex sustainability problems and implement
innovative solutions.
2. Sites that meet one of our minimum threshold criteria are brought into our global EHSMS:
i) at least 20 production employees, ii) presence of high-risk activities, iii) more than 50,000 sq. ft facility.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 32Much of our environmental work happens through the following teams:
The Research and Development/New Product Introduction (R&D/NPI) Sustainability Group The Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain (OFS) Team
Led by our Chief Technology Officer, the team drives our product development culture to ensure The OFS team works across the organization with R&D, Workplace Services/EHS, Global
sustainability is embedded at each phase of the product development and lifecycle process. Sourcing, and business units to support, develop and operationalize initiatives that contribute
They look for ways to leverage sustainability to further innovate new products that advance to our environmental goals and objectives. The current objective is to provide tools and
scientific breakthroughs while advancing environmental progress. This group also seeks resources to accelerate Agilent’s progress on achieving net-zero emissions and other
ways to help our lab customers achieve their own environmental goals through our sustainability goals. The team plays an important role in applying the latest manufacturing
sustainable products and services, including instruments and digital lab technology that technologies and strategies to manage our supply chain in a sustainable way. They take a
reduce energy use. holistic view to implementation, ensuring systems are in place support sustainability efforts
over the long term.
The Sustainability Forum Agilent Procurement ESG Team
The Sustainability Forum brings together a multidisciplinary group of employees to enable This team assembled last year to begin working on plans to engage suppliers regarding their
cross-pollination of ideas, identify new opportunities, and reinforce sustainability as a core carbon emissions. The team has begun to 1) understand the total picture of Agilent's ESG
area of focus. Each month, members of the forum present their environmental and social Program and the impact to suppliers; 2) identify what is needed from our suppliers over the
sustainability innovations, programs, achievements and plans. Topics from 2021 include life of the commitment; and 3) define the overall strategy and plans to achieve the desired
sustainable packaging, supply chain sustainability, and advances in integrating sustainability results. The team will officially kick-off programs in 2022 to work with suppliers on reducing
into new product development. Scope 3 emissions to acheive our short-term reduction goals and net-zero emissions by 2050.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 33Climate Change
For the first time, we’re reporting our progress on emissions and climate risk
according to the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
recommendations. This supplements our GRI and SASB reporting, which we also
included in this year’s report.
View our TCFD report.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 34Greenhouse Gas
Emissions Management
Last year Agilent made an important commitment to achieve
net-zero greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) by 2050. Our net-
zero commitment includes how we work with customers and
suppliers, how we manage our internal operations and how we
design our products. In short, it includes everything we do.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 35We have committed to interim GHG emissions reduction targets.
From a baseline of 2019, we plan to reduce by 2030:
Scope 1 emissions by: Scope 2 emissions by: Scope 3 emissions by: Agilent Head of ESG Programs Neil Rees explains Agilent’s
commitment to net-zero emissions by 2050
50% 50% 30%
This includes direct This covers indirect emissions This encompasses
emissions from owned or from the generation of emissions throughout our
controlled sources. electricity, steam, heating and value chain not controlled
cooling that Agilent purchases. by Agilent, including those
from purchased goods
and services to use of sold
products to end-of-life
disposal.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 36Steps we have taken in FY2021
As part of our net-zero goal, we committed to setting science-based emissions
reduction targets (near-term targets), in line with the Science Based Targets initiative toward these goals include:
(SBTi) Criteria and Recommendations. This will ensure our actions are externally
validated and aligned with the scientific consensus to limit global warming to 1.5°C
above pre-industrial levels, which is required by the Paris Agreement.
Supplier Engagement on Renewable Energy
Scope 3 makes up the majority of our GHG emissions. Meeting our reduction Scope 3 Emissions Reduction Investments
goals will require close collaboration across our supply chain. In FY21 we began
We began developing a plan for We completed two new solar projects
developing plans to engage and evaluate suppliers on their GHG emissions and will
engaging suppliers to reduce our at manufacturing sites in China
report on our progress in subsequent ESG reports.
Scope 3 emissions and Australia
We manage our energy and emissions performance through our EHSMS. On a
quarterly basis, we review our energy use and emissions and adjust if negative
trends emerge, keeping us on track to meet our annual targets and multi-year
emissions and energy reduction goals. Energy Efficiency Projects Sustainability Audits
In 2021, we exceeded our 2025 short-term emissions intensity target to reduce
We continued facility and process We commissioned third-party
emissions per square foot by 25% and have already achieved a reduction in our
upgrades in manufacturing facilities sustainability audits at multiple sites to
emissions per square foot by 34%. We will now focus on achieving our interim net-
related to lighting, cold water pumps, determine additional energy efficiency
zero target of a 50% reduction in emissions by 2030. Solar installations along with
cooling towers, heating, and ventilation and renewable energy opportunities
energy efficiency projects from 2021 are expected to lead to an annual reduction of
970 MT of CO2e emissions.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 37Renewable Energy
Onsite Renewable Energy Projects
Since our first large onsite project in 2008, we now have over 6.4 MW of installed capacity as of the end of
FY21. Two new projects were completed at the end of FY21 and first quarter of FY22.
Winooski, VT, US 0.59
Church Stretton, UK 0.15
In Shanghai, China, we installed a photovoltaic In Singapore, we installed a photovoltaic system to
Lexington, MA, US 0.66
system on the roof of our manufacturing site to provide clean, renewable energy for plant operations
power the facility’s lighting and operations, which we and lighting, which we expect to save over 1900 MT Manesar, India 0.29
expect to save 245 MT of CO2e per year. of CO2e per year.
Middelburg, Netherlands 0.12
Mulgrave, Australia 0.50
Santa Clara, CA, US 1.00
Shanghai, China 0.27
Singapore 2.50
Waldbronn, Germany 0.23
Total: 6.30 0.00 0.50 1.00 1.50 2.00 2.50
MW Capacity
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 38Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions (MT CO2e) Scope 3 Emissions (MT CO2e)
2019 2020 2021 2019 2020 2021
Scope 1 9,192 10,961 11,447 Agilent Fleet (US) 8,849 6,911 6,976
CO2 7,693 9,380 9,561 Transportation and Distribution* 139,715 101,453 68,753
CH4 239 252 301 Business Travel** 20,437 6,906 3,640
N2O 1,260 1,329 1,585 Total Scope 3 Emissions 169,001 115,270 79,369
Scope 2 location-based 39,735 41,705 36,577
* Kintetsu World Express, one of our third-party logistics vendors, reported a significant reduction of estimated CO2e
emissions in 2021 based on a change in the emissions calculations methodology for long- and short- haul flight factors
Total Scope 1 + Scope 2 48,927 52,666 48,024
** Business Travel: Air & Rail, Rental Cars
Note: The 2021 increase in Scope 1 emissions is due to the addition of the Frederick, Colorado and Lexington,
Massachusetts sites.
GHG Emissions Intensity Reduction Of GHG Emissions GRI from new energy projects
2019 2020 2021 2019 2020 2021
Scope 1 + 2 Intensity (MT CO2e/ft2) 0.01283 0.01320 0.01124 Scope 1 + 2 (MT CO2e) 492 2795 970
Annualized reductions are theoretical based on the predicted reduction in electricity usage as a direct result of GHG
reduction projects in FY21. The 970 MT CO2e quoted is the is total expected annualized reduction in usage and not the
actual total realized in FY21 as these projects were completed over the duration of FY21 and early in FY22.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 39Energy Management
We set a goal to reduce energy intensity per square foot by 10% by 2024 (2014 baseline), and we exceeded that goal
in 2021, reducing energy intensity by 12%. To meet our energy reduction goals, we continue evaluating new energy
conservation projects and infrastructure improvements with significant long-term environmental and financial
potential. We have engaged a third-party vendor in a multi-year effort to conduct sustainability audits at sites with
significant energy consumption. We implemented or are in the process of evaluating dozens of recommended
projects including solar PV, upgrading and replacing HVAC systems, waste heat recovery, power factor correction,
and building automation systems for lighting, HVAC and chillers.
OFS also instituted a variety of energy savings projects at our manufacturing sites, such as:
• At our manufacturing facility in Shanghai, we invested in more efficient freezers with improved thermal stability
and precise controls. These upgrades resulted in reduced energy by 6% per 1 degree increase, saving up to 484
kWh/year per freezer.
• Our gas chromatography–mass spectrometry division was using hazardous chemical solvents to remove possible
contaminants on parts we receive from our suppliers prior to assembly into the final instrument. These solvents
were highly flammable, which necessitated costly fire suppression systems and consumed significant amounts
of energy due to a high boiling point. We custom designed and rolled out a new cleaner in 2021 that is non-
flammable, biodegradable, and effective for our application, reducing energy use and improving safety.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 40We consumed approximately 163,000 MWh of energy in 2021, primarily from the use of electricity and solar PV,
and small amounts of gas or fuel oil for onsite heating and energy needs at our site in India.
Energy Consumption Energy Intensity (kWh/sq. ft)
Direct 2019 2020 2021 2019 2020 2021
Renewable (solar) 6,809 16,867 22,855 kWh 146,060,472 159,781,314 162,874,797
Natural gas 143,273 173,305 184,055 sq. ft. 3,812,399 3,990,082 4,271,003
Diesel fuel 1,323 304 439 Energy Intensity 38.31 40.04 38.14
Propane 1,961 2,167 2,026
Total Direct Energy Consumption (GJ) 153,366 192,643 209,375 Estimated Reduction of Energy Consumption
from New Measures (GJ)
Indirect 2019 2020 2021
2019 2020 2021
Grid Electricity 360,166 353,851 356,426
Heating 19,693 20,671 20,863 Electricity 3,107 12,992 6,840
Total Indirect Energy Consumption 379,859 374,522 377,289 Total Energy Saved 3,107 12,992 6,840
Total Direct + Indirect Energy Consumption (GJ) 533,225 567,165 586,664
Note: Estimates are typically based on efficiency improvements, power consumption reduction etc.
Total Direct + Indirect Energy Consumption (kWh) 146,060,472 159,781,314 162,874,797
Note: The 2021 increase in energy consumption is due to the addition of the Frederick, Colorado and Lexington,
Massachusetts sites
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 41Water & Wastewater
Each quarter, we track our progress toward our municipal water use reduction goals. These Agilent sites discharge water related to domestic sanitation, production operations and
progress checks allow us to make any necessary adjustments in an effort to meet our annual cooling systems, which varies by site. A small amount of water is discharged from onsite
expectations. Our current target is a 20% reduction in water intensity over 10 years from a water treatment plants and is subject to local permit and environmental considerations.
base year of 2014. In 2022, we reduced water consumption per operational square foot by Surface water is normally discharged to local surface water infrastructure and protected
22% against a 2021 target of 14%, which also exceeded our 2024 goal.3 from any potential contamination on site. The total water discharged to the sewer takes into
account losses from evaporation and irrigation of site grounds.
We will be conducting a water scarcity assessment in all of our operations in 2022, and then
determine whether further mitigation is needed at any of our sites.
Water Discharged (1000 m3)
Water Consumption (1,000 m3)
2018 2019 2020 2021
2018 2019 2020 2021
Total water discharged 421 404 356 376
Groundwater 157 136 119 114
Third-party water 341 347 307 339
Total water withdrawal 498 483 426 453
Normalized withdrawal (m3/site
0.141 0.137 0.121 0.116
sq. ft)
3. In absolute terms this has amounted to a 12% reduction in water consumption in Agilent’s operations even though
we’ve grown our operations and added sites to the operational portfolio.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 42Waste is identified as one of Agilent’s significant
environmental aspects. In fiscal year 2021, we:
Achieved 94% solid Diverted 10,150 metric tons Used 48%
waste diversion, of total waste from disposal, recycled materials
10,150
94% 48%
that's a 5.6% increase over the that includes 7,708 metric tons in our certified pre-owned
2020 fiscal year and just shy of of hazardous waste. products.
our goal of 95%.
~ 1 Ton
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 43Individual sites achieved in 2021 the following hazardous waste reductions by using
improved cleaning procedures and materials:
Eliminated 700 liters Reduced solvent Reduced solvent
Diverted 600 gallons of
of sulfuric acid with consumption by 17,000 consumption by about
solvent per year
peroxide waste liters per year 24,225 liters per year
600
700 17 000 24 225
, ,
and 80 liters of other caustic
solvents per year by eliminating by installing a valve to segregate
unnecessary steps and utilizing solvents during maintenance,
alternative cleaning methods by replacing manual wet which allows waste re-use by installing a valve to segregate
bench with an automated wet solvents during maintenance,
~ 1,000 Liters bench process ~ 100 Gallons which allows waste re-use
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 44Waste Generated and Diverted (MT) by disposal method
Non-Hazardous Waste 2019 2020 2021
Additional Waste Reuse* - - 175
Composting 388 154 130
Reduction Highlights
Recycling 1,915 1,797 1,603
Incineration (mass burn) 374 352 535
• Eliminated radioactive waste and potential employee
exposure by switching from radioassay to direct unit Landfill 470 261 164
conversion for enzyme qualification
Total non-hazardous waste 3,147 2,564 2,606
• Replaced paper certificates of analysis with
Landfill diversion rate 85% 90% 94%
scannable QR codes, eliminating use of 560,000
printed sheets of paper per year, reducing paper and Hazardous Waste 2019 2020 2021
ink consumption by approximately 70%, and saving
Recycling 1,614 1,507 1,611
energy by eliminating an automated paper folder.
Incineration (mass burn) 981 2,833 4,512
• Began reuse of boxes used for packaging
microassays during processing, reducing packaging Landfill - - 4
waste by 40 plastic boxes a month
Treated 2,378 2,837 1,584
Total hazardous waste 4,973 7,177 7,712
Total Hazardous and non-hazardous waste 8,120 9,741 10,318
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 45Product Design & Lifecycle Management
When we consider sustainability throughout the lifecycle of our products, we do it not only to meet our own
sustainability goals, but to help our customers meet theirs. Labs are resource intensive, and lab managers
increasingly are making sustainability a priority.
In fact, our 2021 survey of lab managers found that 87% reported that sustainability goals—from reducing
energy and water consumption to cutting emissions and purchasing green products—figure prominently
in their lab operations. 83% of lab managers reported that more work is needed to achieve their
sustainability goals.
This customer input informs the work of Agilent’s R&D/New Product Introduction (NPI) Sustainability Team,
which promotes sustainability education and awareness across Agilent’s technical community and strives
to ensure that sustainability is an intentional element of the product design and lifecycle process. Formed in
2019, the team is led by Agilent’s Chief Technology Officer, who heads up R&D and innovation at Agilent.
The strategic intent of the R&D/NPI Sustainability Team is to drive an intentional product development culture
and process of sustainability at Agilent to 1) advance our environmental goals and those of our customers
and 2) ensure Agilent products and services are the industry-leading sustainable choice.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 46Below are three areas of focus the team established We consider sustainability throughout each
point in a product’s lifecycle—from energy use to
for the coming year:
material selection
Partnering with My Green Lab
We’re working with My Green Lab, an independent sustainability organization, to have select instruments
independently audited for the organization’s Accountability, Consistency, and Transparency (ACT) label, which Concept
provides information about the environmental impact of a product, enabling customers to make better informed,
Recycle Development
sustainable choices.
Product
Service Prototype
Educating employees and customers Lifecycle
NPD
Management
We’re educating employees about sustainability to promote behavior change, and to encourage a strong sense Use Launch
of ownership to ensure sustainability remains central to our culture and processes. We’re also educating
customers about leading practices in lab sustainability and how our products and services can support their
Distribution Manufacture
sustainability goals.
Focusing on sustainability in the product lifecycle
Sustainability should be just as integrated into a product’s lifecycle as performance, quality, usability and The work of the R&D/NPI Sustainability team builds on many
other user benefits. We will formalize criteria used to consider environmental factors—from energy usage and years of environmental efforts at Agilent, including instruments
carbon emissions to waste generation and material selection and use. on the following pages that offer reduced energy use and waste.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 47Examples of Agilent Instruments with Lower Energy Use:
The Intuvo 9000 Gas Chromatograph 5800/5900 Inductively Coupled Plasma–Optical Emission 8700 Laser Direct Infrared Spectrometer
Spectrometer RF generator and Main Power Module
Uses an efficient direct heating system that requires Uses a low-powered quantum cascade laser as its
less than half the electrical power of a conventional gas Reduces the amount of electrical power required by 40%. light source instead of a thermal glow bar (powerful
chromatography while also significantly reducing the heat The reduced exhaust extraction means there is a lower incandescent light bulb) that previous versions used.
energy emitted back into the lab. requirement of A/C that further reduces electrical power.
Cary 3500 UV-Vis Spectrometer TwisTorr 305 turbo pumps
Consumes less energy by having a xenon flash lamp that Its electronics enable direct communication and full
only flashes when taking a measurement. By comparison, control of the turbopump through the Vacuum Link mobile
standard deuterium/tungsten lamps remain on continuously App. The control system continuously monitors the pump
and require annual lamp replacement. working parameters for the application, self-adjusting
power and temperatures, and minimizing energy waste.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 48Examples of Instruments with Reduced Hazardous Waste:
IDP dry scroll pumps InfinityLab Poroshell 120 Columns InfinityLab Supercritical Fluid Chromatography Solutions
Oil-free vacuum pumps for GC/MS are clean, green and Dimensions of inner diameter (ID), length, and particle size are The 1260 Infinity II SFC/UHPLC Hybrid System and the 1260
affordable, completely removing the need to use any oil in reduced to lower solvent consumption up to 86%, and analysis Infinity II SFC System provide low solvent consumption and
the analytical process. time up to 67% per analysis. less waste for true green chemistry through uses of food-
grade CO2 instead of hazardous solvents.
InfinityLab Stay Safe caps OneNeb Nebulizer technology
Stops harmful solvents from evaporating into the lab air, By increasing nebulization efficiency and with a low
protecting workers in the lab environment. uptake rate, the OneNeb universal nebulizer can
reduce acid and reagent volumes used for sample
preparation and therefore reduce waste compared to
conventional nebulizers.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 49Examples of Instruments with Reduced Nonhazardous Waste:
The TRS100 8900 Inductively Coupled Plasma QQQ (triple quad) Cary 630 Fourier Transform Infrared Spectrometer
Mass Spectrometer
Transmission Raman is a nondestructive technique, The Cary 630 FTIR Dialpath and Tumblir accessories
performing solid-state analysis on tablets, capsules, and Increased the use of recyclable materials, such as plastic eliminate the need for liquid cells. Less volume of the
powders without the need for solvent extraction. components. High matrix tolerance lowers the need for sample means significant reduction of cleaning agent and
sample dilution, resulting in less waste to dispose of. Low rinsing solvent waste.
flow sample introduction reduces reagent use and volume
of waste for disposal.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 50Product Sustainability Labels
Agilent is proud to be the
first Transformative Level
When the Agilent R&D/NPI Council was formed in 2019, the group searched for industry initiatives and green
sponsor of the My Green Lab
certifications that provide independent standards and validation for sustainable lab products.
Certification program.
This led to forming a partnership in 2019 with My Green Lab, a nonprofit organization “run by scientists for
scientists” to build a global culture of sustainability in science. My Green Lab’s flagship programs, Green Lab
Certification and the Accountability, Consistency, and Transparency (ACT) Label for Laboratory products, are In 2021, the UN selected My Green Lab
designed to address the resource intensive nature of labs. The ACT label is the first “eco-nutrition” label for the certification as a key indicator of progress
laboratory supplies industry. The ACT label provides scores on the environmental impact of manufacturing, using, for its Climate Change (UNFCCC)
and disposing of a product and its packaging, so customers can make better-informed, sustainable choices. High-Level Climate Champions’ 2030
Breakthroughs campaign. The campaign
Agilent was the first company to have high-end lab instrumentation assessed for the ACT label, which now includes
established 2030 targets needed across 30
about 30% of our instruments, accounting for approximately $1 billion in revenue. This includes some of our largest
sectors to achieve net-zero emissions by
product families in liquid chromatography (LC), mass spectrometry (MS), and gas chromatography (GC). Agilent
2050. One of the industry targets calls for
products with the ACT label can be found on the My Green Lab ACT database.
95% of labs across major pharmaceutical
and medical technology companies
My Green Lab has certified 700 labs in 30 different countries and we are proud to be their sponsor in this
to achieve My Green Lab “Green” level
effort. One of our top priorities is ensuring that our customers can reduce their environmental impact without
certification by 2030.
sacrificing quality, and offering laboratory supply chain instruments with My Green Lab’s ACT label is an essential
part of this effort.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 51Reusing and Recycling
To reduce the amount of waste of our instruments, we offer our
customers the ability to trade-in an instrument for a new one, sell
Our Instruments a pre-owned instrument back to us, and return decommissioned
instruments to us for recycling, even if it was purchased from
and Parts another vendor.
The program includes most of our product lines, including the following instrument families:
Liquid Gas Atomic
ICP/MS
chromatography chromatography spectroscopy
Molecular Cell analysis and
LC/MS GC/MS
spectroscopy electrophoresis
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 52For pre-owned instruments in good condition, we inspect, refurbish
and re-sell those that meet our strict quality control measures through
our Agilent Certified Pre-Owned Instruments program. For instruments
that cannot be refurbished to our high standard, we reuse parts in good
condition, and recycle as much as possible.
In FY2021, we:
• Bought back over 900 used instruments from our customers;
• Sold over 3,500 certified pre-owned instruments; and
• Received 2,000 instruments through our instrument return program.
Agilent engineers refurbish each instrument using the same quality control measures as
for new instruments to ensure high performance and longevity. All certified pre-owned
instruments include 12-month warranties with the option to extend, and ship with new
software and accessories, just as new instruments do.
We make it easy for customers to trade-in or recycle an instrument by offering packaging,
deinstallation, and convenient shipping at no additional cost to the customer. We also deploy
reusable packaging for 90% of instruments traded-in or bought back by sales volume.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 53Sustainable Packaging
2 Source sustainably 3 Support recycling
Our sustainable packaging program is managed by the
• Increase use of sustainably sourced materials • Increase the recyclability of packaging
Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain team. The program
• Increase recycled content in all packaging materials • Improve packaging end-of-life scoring (achieved through
focuses on products and shipment of goods. Below are
the My Green Lab ACT label)
specific initiatives we are taking to make our packaging • Reduce use of foam when not needed
more sustainable: • Enroll as a member of How2Recycle label system that
• Replace use of plastic and other non-sustainable materials
allows companies to track their entire packaging
with paper-based alternatives
portfolio’s recyclability
– Plastic air pillows with paper-based alternatives for
1 Optimize design • Provide customer education materials to show how to
void fill and non-fragile items at our factories and
properly dispose of packaging
logistics centers
• Reduce packaging size and volume of materials used – Plastic envelopes with paper-based alternatives
• Reduce amount of plastic packaging materials used • Explore sustainable materials-based alternatives to reduce
our use of EPS coolers for cold shipments Agilent is increasingly leveraging reusable packaging to reduce
waste. Packaging used in our Certified Pre-Owned Instruments
Program, for example, include cardboard boxes, plastic pallets,
nylon sleeves, and lashing straps that are recycled and used for
multiple instrument returns. We also aim to reduce our annual
shipment volumes, which are currently approximately 10,000
tons per year. By changing how products are packaged and
consolidating shipments, we expect to reduce annual shipment
volumes by as much as 400 tons per year.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 54SocialHuman Capital Management
Cultivating a talented, diverse, and engaged workforce is central to achieving our mission of advancing the
quality of life. Our goal is to be a top workplace and employer of choice in every country in which we operate.
Over the past year, we continued advancing programs and initiatives to achieve this, building a workplace
where people can thrive, advance innovative ideas, and work toward strategic goals—all as One Agilent.
Launched in 2015, our One Agilent culture has been instrumental in driving strong
human capital management performance. Three key ideas shape the culture:
• Passion and drive to lead, win, and grow as One Agilent
• Intense focus on our customers, acting as owners, innovating,
and simplifying with urgency
• Welcoming feedback, recognizing our successes, and
continuously developing
This culture is underpinned by values we reinforce through leadership practices, training at all levels,
and communication. Those values include trust, respect, teamwork, innovation, contribution, and
uncompromising integrity. We emphasize this along with speed, focus, and accountability.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 56Employee Engagement
Leadership Survey Results
Our employees are engaged and passionate. And that’s evident in our results—our consistent growth, the
innovative new products we launch, and our excellence in the customer experience. But we also see it in the
feedback we received last year directly from our employees. Each year we conduct an in-depth anonymous third-
party engagement survey of our global workforce. We conducted this survey in spring of 2021 and a large majority
of employees responded—88% of the workforce, a total of 14,642 team members, a similar percentage as the prior
year. This rate is considered well above the industry average. We also scored above the 90th percentile compared
with hundreds of comparable companies that surveyed their employees on similar topics.
Employees were asked to rate leadership’s performance on a number of questions.
Below are the results for each thematic area:
85% 87% 85%
Believe we have the Feel we have the Say we have the right
right strategy right team environment
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 57Among the most important results in a job market where competition for talent
is high, 87% of Agilent employees reported being highly engaged and 90% would
recommend Agilent as a great place to work. We registered our highest scores
on questions related to workplace culture. 94 percent are motivated by Agilent's
mission and vision and feel supported by their manager in making decisions about
their health and well-being.
We also ranked high on diversity and inclusion: 92% feel Agilent enables people
from diverse backgrounds to excel and 92% feel managers and employees value
diversity and inclusion. And even as the prior 15 months brought unprecedented
challenges to our work and personal lives, 97% of employees agreed that “Agilent is
doing what is necessary to support our customers during the Covid-19 pandemic.”
Over the previous year’s survey, we saw an eight% increase in the share of
employees who reported feeling connected to the Agilent culture. And the number
of employees who reported feeling highly engaged increased by 3% over the
previous year.
We also learned from our employees of ways we can continue to improve in terms
of ease of doing business, resourcing of business priorities, and in supporting
speed, flexibility, and innovation. Our CEO shared results of the survey through an
email letter sent to all employees worldwide, along with steps we’re taking to make
Agilent even stronger. Those steps are outlined in an action plan developed with
leaders of each business unit that identifies priority items, creates short and long-
term strategies to address them, takes actions to achieve interim milestones, and
shares the success when desired results are achieved.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 58Engaging a Remote Workforce
As the pandemic entered its second year, 70 percent of our Acquisitions and
workforce continued to work from home. We took concrete
Employee Engagement
steps to ensure employees continued to feel supported
and connected to the immediate teams and the larger
company, including: Part of Agilent’s growth is based on strategic
acquisitions of innovative companies that help
• Holding annual employee Town Hall meetings, quarterly us advance our mission. To ensure acquisitions
meetings for managers, quarterly “coffee chats” with each are successful, we assemble a cross-functional
• Ongoing training for managers on how to effectively lead
division, and smaller team events to build connections. team composed of human resources,
remote teams.
business systems and processes, operations,
• Sponsored events within our Employee Network Groups to
• Thank You days, which are additional paid days off given to
bring people together to hear from guest speakers around and communications specialists, and other
all eligible employees to reward them when strong results
observances such as Black History Month and International business functions to integrate employees of
are achieved.
Women’s Day. new companies into the Agilent culture and
way of doing business. The process includes
• Offering wellness resources, including an emotional 92% said they have the tools to work productively and
wellness program design to build a safe work environment 91% said their physical work environment enabled them regular meetings with senior leaders on
and connect employees with supportive resources when to do their job safety and effectively. We also recognize high-level strategy to day-to-day operations,
they need them. that remote work will continue to be increasingly common a monthly newsletter, and smaller group
meetings to coordinate steps at each stage
• Improving technology to ensure employees could easily as offices begin to open in 2022, particularly in a global
connect through a variety of video conference technology labor market where competition for top talent remains of the integration. We also conduct regular
(in office and remote), chat, and virtual workflow strong. Over the last year, we have invested in equipping surveys of the acquired team, share results of
collaboration tools. our conference rooms with advanced virtual meeting the survey with them, and show our plan for
promptly addressing any questions or issues.
• Flexibility to juggle caregiving duties during periods of school technology to ensure remote and in-person teams can
and childcare facility closures. continue to collaborate effectively.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 59Employee Engagement Through Giving
and Volunteerism
We also engage our employees through our giving and volunteer benefits. We match most
charitable contributions of our employees up to $25,000 per calendar year per employee, and
provide an online platform that makes giving easy, connecting our employees to thousands of
local, national, and international nonprofit and charitable organizations.
Additionally, we offer employees up to six paid work days of volunteer time off per calendar
year to serve at eligible nonprofits of their choosing. Last year, our employees used this time
off to serve people experiencing homelessness, clean the environment, and assist at Covid
vaccination sites.
We also introduced a “Dollars for Doers” program last year, which gives an employee a
$25 credit for each hour they volunteer during non-working hours at an eligible charity. The
funds are then placed in an account where the employee can donate them to a nonprofit
organization of their choice.
See more about the impact of our foundation and corporate giving program in the Community
section of this report.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 60Working at Agilent
“I genuinely feel that those around me
are pushing me towards growth and
Agilent is certified by the Great Place to Work Institute in nine country locations, including success. And when achieved they are
China, Germany, India, Malaysia, Singapore, Spain, South Korea, the United States, and the there to applaud my efforts and cheer
United Kingdom. The certification is based on an independent survey of employees about their
me on. … my work is recognized by my
experience at the company on topics related to integrity, collaboration, trust, respect, and equity.
department and especially my peers.”
Agilent’s 2021 U.S certification was based on survey results in which 86% of those who
responded called Agilent a great place to work, compared to a benchmark of 59% of employees Great Place to Work U.S. Survey Respondent
at a typical U.S.-based company. Agilent Korea also received their Great Place to Work certification in FY21, the result
of a three-year vision to be an even better workplace, which included fostering an environment where talent wants to
come, learn, and contribute to Agilent’s success.
Agilent has also received numerous other workplace culture awards in 2021, including:
The Scientists Barron’s Most
Choice Awards Sustainable
2021 Winner Company (#2)
Newsweek Most
Responsible
Companies List
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 61Talent Development
service work, they can take our Agilent University field service
engineer training program to learn how to install, operate,
maintain, and repair our instruments. Many of our employees
Agilent offers numerous training and development have long and varied careers at Agilent, thanks in part to our
programs, including New Employee Orientation, Leadership comprehensive set of education and training offerings.
Development, Product and Technology, Employee Safety
Function- and job-specific portals help employees build
and Security, Legal and Ethical Concerns, and Standards
their expertise in their technical and job-related skills.
of Business Conduct along with emerging skills and
This includes all our Academy portals such as Sales
capabilities such as Data Analytics, Digital and Supply
Academy, Marketing Academy, Service Academy, Finance
Chain Management.
Academy and Order Fulfillment Academy. Within each of
Our training and education program is managed by a these academies, we offer leader-led training to build depth
senior leader in human resources who collaborates with and practice key skills; self-paced online learning to help
our Learning Governance Board, which comprises training create a foundation and learn the basics; virtual training
leads from across the organization and helps guide the to help connect the foundational concepts to real-world
program’s priorities and implementation. A Learning application; self-study materials to help with reinforcement;
Council made up of a global community of learning and recorded videos to learn from experts as well as specific
training professionals across Agilent promotes a high processes required for the job; and social collaboration
standard in training by sharing best practices, facilitating and mentoring to support one another in developing the
knowledge sharing, and networking to achieve training required capabilities.
objects across business units and functions.
To encourage learning from anywhere at any time for our
Employees can take courses not only to ensure they are global workforce, we make self-paced e-learning available
learning best practices for their current position, but also in many of these topics 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
to advance to other positions. For example, if a customer We also offer face-to-face classroom experiences, on-the-job
support professional has a desire to advance into field learning, and virtual classroom events.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 62Our development programs fall and assessments. We also have an online community for
managers where over 1,000 members share best practices
into the following four categories:
and tips so that we are using the collective wisdom of our
experienced leaders to help grow and develop one another.
Onboarding and Orientation
Employee and career development programs
All new employees participate in an onboarding
experience along with a global orientation program to help Employee and career development programs are grounded
them learn about the organization, culture, and how to in our Developing@Agilent portal, a resource center with
“own your own career” at Agilent. They also learn about our videos, guided online activities, classes, and other professional
standards of business conduct, and compliance with data, development resources available to all our employees globally.
security and other operational processes. Additionally, each This unique training platform allows employees and managers
business unit has a training to introduce the employee to to build leadership and professional skills that align with their
their operation. daily work and Agilent's expectations. Library@Agilent, an
online library filled with access to many trade publications,
Leadership and Executive
journals and online databases, is available to all employees to
Development programs stay current on the latest scientific and industry literature.
Leadership and Executive Development programs are
Coaching and mentoring
available to support managers at all levels, from first time
managers in our Activate for New Managers program, to Recognizing the value of mentorship and the success in
our experienced managers with our Accelerate program, to our Employee Networking Groups (ENGs), we began laying
high-potential employees in our Emerging Leaders Program. the foundation for a companywide mentorship technology
In addition to formal learning programs for leaders, platform that matches mentors with mentees according to
we also offer many tools, including Harvard Business their development interests, goals, and backgrounds. We
Review resources, online articles, mentoring, coaching expect that initiative to launch in fiscal year 2022.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 63E-Learning Studios: A High- Educational Assistance Agilent's OFS Academy
Engagement Approach to Learning
In addition to structured internal learning programs, we Agilent’s OFS Academy is an online portal that
also have an Educational Assistance program that provides provides specific learning and development
Agilent launched a major upgrade to our learning platform
financial or other assistance for employees to take external opportunities for Agilent’s more than 1,000
in fiscal 2021. Years in the making, we introduced E-learning
academic classes or complete an academic degree program OFS employees who are from a broad range of
studios, an in-house, premier digital production studio to
relevant to Agilent’s business needs. Our investment in our educational, technical, and cultural backgrounds.
give employees of Agilent University a learning experience
people’s growth is an investment in our business and in the The content covers a broad range of topics,
that simulates a hands-on classroom experience for service
retention of our competitive advantage and our top talent. The including a supply-chain program that was
engineers working with our instruments and software.
program is available to all employees and is managed within developed in conjunction with Penn State
It makes online, remote trainings more engaging and
each business or functional unit. University’s Smeal College of Business. Content
ensures employees can have a satisfying learning
is provided through articles, videos, and other
experience, regardless of their location. Finally, we encourage employees to take advantage of
educational formats that reinforce Agilent’s global
opportunities to attend meetings in other parts of the
culture of learning.
We continued to have high participation in our training
organization, to request stretch assignments, to pursue
program. In 2021, our employees completed on average
projects that provide a new perspective on work, and other The portal includes the OFS School of Digital
31 hours of training.
collaborative opportunities in other parts of the organization. Innovation that helps employees develop a digital
mindset toward innovating and solving problems,
All Agilent employees receive regular performance reviews.
making sure that no one gets left behind on our
Training and education is integrated into the performance
digital journey.
management process, in which managers and employees
identify training opportunities to help employees reach their OFS employees can take additional classes at
business and performance objectives and goals. Agilent’s School of Continuous Improvement
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 64Employee Retention
Our employee engagement efforts contribute to strong retention rates. Even during a year in which
competition for talent was high and a record number of employees resigned, our attrition rates were
better than the industry average.
Employee Retention/Attrition Rate Retention Rate Attrition Rate
100%
80%
60%
91.7% 92.5% 92.8%
40%
20%
8.3% 7.5% 7.8%
Female Male Total
Resignations: 540 Resignations: 791 Resignations: 1,331
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 65Responding to Covid-19
In addition to providing programs to support our employees as we worked remotely, we also
provided direct support to address health and wellness within the workforce. We continued to
follow strict Covid-19 protocols in our manufacturing and research facilities where site-essential
employees continued working in person. This included masking, social distancing, staying home
when experiencing any symptoms, and contact tracing that helped keep people safe while
preserving individual privacy.
We also helped our global workforce access the vaccine by holding vaccination clinics at our
sites in the US as well as in countries where the vaccine was less accessible. For example, in
Thailand a vaccine shortage caused deliveries to be delayed, and most Agilent employees in
Thailand saw their vaccine appointments canceled. In response, we arranged for doses of the
vaccines to be administered to 100 employees and family members at a local hospital.
Upon receiving the first of two vaccine shots, an Agilent field-service engineer in Thailand
remarked that "I have been worried that I may get infected or bring the virus back home to
my family. Now my wife and I are vaccinated, and I feel much more confident."
Earlier in the year, when India was experiencing a surge in cases, Agilent India vaccinated
more than 900 employees and family members as part of a government program to speed up
vaccinations across the nation. Agilent also encouraged vaccine uptake among US employees
by holding information sessions with our experts on the benefits of vaccination and by hosting
vaccination clinics at our facilities. We also complied with all laws and regulations regarding
vaccination, including the vaccine mandate for federal contractors.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 66Compensation and Benefits with that from high technology and life sciences comparator Work-Life Balance
companies. The portfolio is designed to attract, retain, and
motivate the best people, producing outstanding business
Last year we developed a hybrid work model for employees
performance, shareholder value, and employee wealth
Agilent delivers a total rewards portfolio that is competitive with
who can effectively perform their job from home or another
creation. Our total rewards portfolio includes compensation,
life sciences, diagnostics and applied markets companies, and
remote location. We did this to respond to a growing desire
equity, and benefits received as an Agilent employee.
which is representative of the diverse industries and markets
during the pandemic to retain the flexibility afforded by remote
in which we operate. To ensure we remain competitive,
Compensation includes base pay; variable pay, such as working. As we planned for a return to the office, we wanted to
each year we conduct a benchmark study that compares the
the One Agilent Bonus; and sales incentive compensation. offer more flexible options that balance the benefits of face-to-
combined value of Agilent's base pay (target pay for sales
The One Agilent Bonus consists of a companywide Results face teamwork and collaboration with remote work flexibility.
employees), variable pay, benefits and equity (stock plan)
Bonus that is tied to the growth and shareholder value we The model allows employees to work from home two days a
created that year. The Individual Performance Bonus is week and in the office the remaining three days. We expect to
varied, discretionary, and designed to recognize and reward fully implement this program in FY2022.
individual contributions. When Agilent does well, we ensure
This policy adds to a variety of benefits Agilent offers that
our employees also share in that prosperity.
recognize life events and, when away from the job, encourage
Benefits such as health and welfare benefits, retirement employees to rest, relax, recharge and live a well-rounded life.
plans, and time off provide a foundation to support employee While specific programs vary by country, examples include
well-being and financial security. Equity programs align company holidays, flexible time off, leaves of absence and
employee and shareholder interests. Programs include an gifts to celebrate life events such as marriage and the birth or
Employee Stock Purchase Plan and long-term incentives adoption of a child.
such as restricted stock units.
Agilent’s flexible work arrangements also provide alternatives
Generally, part-time employees who meet minimum to working Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. With
requirements for benefits eligibility are eligible for the same manager approval, and business permitting, employees can
benefits as full-time employees. Benefits and eligibility take advantage of a number of options to help juggle work and
requirements vary by country. personal responsibilities.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 67Agilent's Global Workforce
Diversity and Inclusion
As a global company, much of our success is rooted in the
diversity of our teams and our commitment to inclusion.
We value diversity at all levels and continue to focus on
extending our diversity and inclusion initiatives across our
entire workforce, from providing managers transparency
of their workforce pay equity to working with managers to
develop strategies for building diverse teams and promoting
the advancement of leaders from different backgrounds.
Agilent is committed to creating a diverse work environment
and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We believe
in an inclusive workforce, where employees from different
cultures and countries are engaged and encouraged to
leverage their collective talents.
We are also proud to be named one of the best US
companies for diversity (for a third consecutive year) and a
top 100 female-friendly company in the world by Forbes, and
Australia | Austria | Belgium | Brazil | Canada | Denmark | Finland | France | Germany
a Diversity Leader in Europe by the Financial Times.
Great Britain | Greater China | Hong Kong | India | Ireland | Israel | Italy | Japan | Korea | Malaysia | Mexico
Netherlands | New Zealand | Norway | Singapore | Spain | Sweden | Switzerland | Thailand | United States
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 68Diversity goal: Broaden gender,
racial, and ethnic diversity
Agilent’s year-over-year gender representation is moving in the
right direction, and the numbers for associate vice president
and director roles show that we have a strong pipeline of
women for future senior leadership roles.
Even though we’re improving, we want to do more. We want
our leadership levels to mirror those of the entire organization,
which means 40% of our leaders should be women and at least
16% should be women of color. Below we show our progress to
date and explain how we’ll achieve our goals.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 69Much of the past year focused on building the foundation of a strong
Our Progress in 2021
diversity and inclusion program, strategy, and plan. But we still made
progress. Below are the highlights:
We increased the percentage of female We increased the share We maintained a gender
leaders who report directly to the CEO from of women employees in pay equity ratio of 1.00
10 percent in 2020 to 31 percent in 2021. leadership positions who are throughout our global
Black and Indigenous by workforce
2 percentage points.
2020 2021
1.0
10% 31%
2%
Agilent has a strong global pipeline of women leaders, with 235 associate vice presidents and directors
who will help drive representation at the senior and executive levels for years to come.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 70Gender Pay Equity Metrics
Agilent was named one of the top 100 female-friendly
companies in the world, an honor that reflects how well
companies support women inside and outside their workforces.
As of October 31, 2021, approximately 39% of our full-time
employees were female. Our commitment to pay equity has
been consistent over many years and has remained stable at a
near 1.0 ratio.
2020 Female to 2021 Female to
Employee Category
Male Ratio Male Ratio
Non-technical 1.0 1.0
Technical 1.0 1.0
Leadership 1.0 1.0
We target a gender compensation ratio of 1.0, meaning men
and women in similar roles with similar responsibilities are
paid equally. With our new HR information system, we can
now analyze pay by race and ethnicity (in the U.S.), in addition
to gender, delivering greater insight into our organization’s
pay equity.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 71Diversity and Inclusion Strategy Five Pillars that Define Agilent’s Culture and Values
Our strategy to attract and retain high-quality candidates is
Attract
supported by five pillars that define Agilent culture and values.
Develop & deploy efforts to identify and hire
In 2021 we broadened our operational metrics and expanded diverse talent
the development and engagement of our employee population
at every stage. We believe this model will allow us to have even
Retain
greater global impact while allowing for customization based
on local needs. Build inclusive teams and support the
worker experience
We also believe this model will help nurture a One Agilent
inclusive culture that drives an exceptional employee
experience throughout the full life cycle of employment. Engage
Cultivate a sense of organizational belonging
Develop
Introduce inclusive leadership, develop
cultural competence
Highlight
Give diverse talent access & visibility to leaders
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 72Investing in Recruitment
To expand our pipeline of racially diverse candidates, Agilent’s recruiting team has partnered
with HBCU Connect, a social platform that provides Black, Hispanic, and Latino candidates
in the U.S. with networking and professional opportunities. In 2021 we held recruiting events
for college students and recent graduates, and we expanded our recruiting targets to include
professionals and alumni.
Customized strategies with common goals
While the tactical elements of each pillar are consistent worldwide, we customize them to
each local region to drive impact. For example, in the U.S., Agilent has partnerships with
historically Black colleges and universities to reach their alumni, whereas in China, our
recruiting efforts focus on attracting more gender diversity. In the U.K. and Brazil, we are
working to attract individuals from underrepresented categories such as professionals with
disabilities and those early in their careers.
We might also vary our tactics by encouraging our global recruiters to use the platforms their
audiences are most familiar with. We create specialized content for each market and use
the appropriate platform for the geography. In the end, these policies allow all Agilent sites to
remain aligned with our corporate initiatives, while maintaining flexibility in meeting the needs
of our diverse candidates all around the world.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 73How we measure and define success Implicit Bias Training
We use a range of straightforward measures to define success Unconscious bias, also known as implicit bias, refers to
for every pillar. For instance, we measure how well we’re assumptions that our brains make when we take mental
attracting diverse candidates through representation rates shortcuts that can lead to errors in decision making.
and new-hire representation. We measure our efforts to retain Unconscious bias can affect who gets invited to meetings,
through Diversity Index results and monitor voluntary attrition by who gets credit for innovative ideas, and who gets
demographic as an engagement data point. interrupted during discussions. It can also affect how
and who we hire. To help manage our implicit biases, all
Diversity and Inclusion Survey employees are assigned mandatory unconscious-bias
training through a 90-minute course administered on our
online learning platform.
Another important data point in measuring our D&I performance
is the annual employee survey, which asks a series of questions
Our bias can “lead us to look at the same work product
about the diversity and inclusion climate at Agilent.
differently depending on who produced it,” the training states.
“When someone shares an idea or makes a mistake … we
In 2021, we broadened our engagement survey architecture
may evaluate those moments differently depending on who
to allow us to analyze the results by race, gender, and
the person is."
ethnicity. This allows us to better understand and address the
challenges that underrepresented minorities may face within
After requiring this training for all Agilent leaders in 2020, the
the organization. In the aggregate, our engagement survey
feedback was so positive that we rolled it out to all Agilent
results are strong. Yet after parsing the results by factors such
employees around the world (about 16,000 people in 2021).
as race, geography, and function, we’ve found that the Agilent
Our completion rate was 98% and we are now developing
experience varies.
formal learning paths on inclusive leadership and allyship.
Our goal is to achieve at least 80% on each D&I-related question
across all demographics.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 74Employee Network Groups (ENGs) advancement opportunities for many who
participated in the program. And the Women@Agilent Employees formed the Council of Black
Employee-network groups are an important and growing group also sponsors mentorship circles and one-on- Employees and Rainbow Spark last year,
one mentorship opportunities.
part of the Agilent culture, and each has an executive bringing the total number of ENGs up to seven:
sponsor and support at the highest levels within Agilent.
This overview of our Diversity and Inclusion efforts
are just the beginning. Read more about our program The Council of Black Employees fosters a culture where
An employee-network group (ENG) brings together
in our 2021 Diversity and Inclusion report. Black employees thrive and feel empowered to bring their
employees who share a dimension of identity such as
authentic selves to work.
gender, race, sexual orientation, or faith. ENGs are open
to all employees, and offer opportunities for professional Women@Agilent provides opportunities for women’s
development, socializing, mentoring, and volunteering. empowerment and professional development at Agilent.
Agilent supports and nurtures ENGs, and members lead
SWE@Agilent is a corporate chapter of the Society of Women
the groups’ activities.
Engineers at Agilent which supports women in engineering.
The groups host a variety of events throughout the year
Rainbow Spark, fosters belonging and inclusion of the LGBTQ
that are open to everyone. For example, our Women@
community at Agilent.
Agilent groups plan observances for special events
such as International Women’s Day and regularly invite
Hispanic/Latino Group employee network group provides
executives and guest lecturers to speak. The Council of
networking and professional development opportunities.
Black Employees has hosted career panels, networking
events and sponsored recruiting outreach to Historically AVets supports veterans, families of veterans, reservists, and
Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs). active-duty military.
Agilent also hosted a career mentorship series for API builds connections and mentorship for the Asian and
members of the Council of Black Employees, which Pacific Islander community.
provided insight and support that contributed to
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 75Supply Chain
In 2021, our global instrument manufacturing operations generated $2.8 billion in revenue, logged 1.6 million
production hours, and procured approximately 481,000 part numbers from 1,500 suppliers. We have customers in
110 countries around the world and major manufacturing operations in the U.S., Germany, Singapore, Denmark, and
China. The scale of these operations requires a robust, carefully managed, and responsive supply chain.
Agilent Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain (OFS) manages the procurement, manufacturing, and logistics across
all of our businesses. It ensures we have the material, components, and parts we need to manufacture our
instruments, conduct R&D, and source materials for innovative new products. OFS supports Agilent’s business
units by reducing manufacturing cost and improving the quality of service while ensuring on-time delivery of
our products. OFS continues to innovate to achieve an efficient, capable supply chain and order fulfillment while
delivering high quality, enhanced value, and on-time delivery of Agilent products and services. OFS’s global
processes cover procurement, logistics, continuous improvement, business systems optimization, quality control,
regulatory compliance, and other support functions.
Agilent continually identifies opportunities to improve its supply chain. We address the potential for disruption
using several techniques including qualifying multiple sources of supply, evaluating global versus regional/local
strategies and suppliers, redesign of products for alternative components, developing targeted category strategies
and purchasing incremental inventory as circumstances warrant to protect the supply chain. Through constant
monitoring and applying these techniques, we strive for supply chain continuity.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 76Supply Chain Requirements Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals
(REACH); and Conflict Minerals.
Agilent expects its suppliers to act with uncompromising
Human rights and labor - We employ ethical business
integrity and to follow all appropriate global and regional
practices and good corporate citizenship wherever we
laws and regulations. We partner with our suppliers to
operate in the world. We agree with the principles of the
ensure they operate sustainably, responsibly, and
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and our policies and
transparently in accordance with the same standards
practices reflect our commitment to promote human rights
we require of ourselves.
within our sphere of influence.
Quality - We are committed to the delivery of high-
Anti-corruption and bribery - we strive to conduct business
quality, safe and reliable products, so we ensure that we
in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations
consistently meet or exceed the standards outlined in our
prohibiting bribery or corruption. We do not tolerate bribery
Quality Policy and applicable global quality manufacturing
in any way, shape, or form.
standards.
Supply chain security - we are committed to meeting all
Environment and sustainability - We strive to do business
applicable laws and regulations that ensure a safe supply
in an environmentally responsible manner and comply with
chain. This includes trade security like World Customs
all applicable environmental laws and regulations.
Organization (WCO) and the Customs-Trade Partnership
Health and safety - We aim to provide a healthy and safe Against Terrorism (C-TPAT) to enhance our supply chain and
workplace that enables our people to work injury- and logistics security.
illness-free while acting in an environmentally responsible
way.
Regulatory - We are committed to meeting all applicable
regulatory requirements, such as the Restriction of
Hazardous Substances (RoHS) Directive; Registration,
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 77Supply Chain Policies • Agilent has a Conflict Minerals Policy Statement and expects ⚪ Phytosanitary measures for solid wood packaging materials
its suppliers to provide materials to Agilent that are DRC
⚪ Product labeling and marking requirements
Conflict-Free and to adopt policies and management systems
We have a number of guidelines and policy documents in ⚪ Product end of life labeling requirements
with respect to conflict minerals to ensure Conflict-Free
place that outline our expectations for suppliers.
supply chains. Agilent supports the goal of ending violence, ⚪ Chemical registration requirements
human rights violations and environmental devastation in the
• Our Standards of Business Conduct clarifies the extension of
Product content restrictions – the threshold, or maximum
Covered Countries. We are committed to complying with all
our values to our suppliers—we will not establish or maintain
concentration level at which a substance can be tolerated
requirements applicable to our Company under the Conflict
a business relationship with a supplier if we believe that its
per homogeneous material, unless indicated otherwise.
Minerals Rule. We are also committed to sourcing components
practices violate local laws or basic international principles
and materials from organizations that share our values around
relating to labor standards, environmental protection and
General restrictions – substances that must not be used in
human rights, ethics and environmental responsibility.
ethical conduct.
any application above the threshold.
• Suppliers must also adhere to our General Specification for
• Since 2004, Agilent has had in place a Supplier Code of
the Environment (GSE), which outlines the requirements
Conduct that outlines certain requirements we expect Specific applications – substances that must not be use in
for purchased parts, components, materials and products
suppliers to follow. Agilent Procurement works with its certain applications above the threshold.
incorporated into Agilent products. These requirements
functional partners to ensure our Supplier Code of Conduct
represent restrictions imposed on Agilent’s end products,
aligns with all the appropriate laws and regulations. As part of
which may be different than those imposed on the individual
our annual review process, in FY22 we will update our Supplier
parts and components, and in some cases, exceed regulatory
Code of Conduct to include supplier expectations on supplier
requirements. The GSE includes:
diversity, greenhouse gas emissions, and overall alignment
with Agilent’s values and priorities.
Environmental requirements
• As part of our annual review process, we will update in FY22
⚪ Product content and ODS use restrictions
our Supplier Code of Conduct to include supplier expectations
on supplier diversity, greenhouse gas emissions, and overall ⚪ Battery content restrictions
alignment with Agilent’s values and priorities. ⚪ Packaging content restrictions
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 78Human Rights and the Supply Chain
Agilent’s core values and culture reflect a commitment to ethical business
practices and good corporate citizenship wherever we operate in the world. As
a company, we acknowledge and respect the fundamental principles contained
in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and our policies and practices
reflect our commitment to promote human rights within the company’s sphere of
influence.
We are committed to respecting human rights throughout our global supply
chain and do not knowingly conduct business with any individual or company
that participates in the exploitation of children (including child labor), physical
punishment, forced labor or human trafficking.
Agilent Technologies’ Supplier Code of Conduct:
Agilent’s suppliers are required to support and promote the fundamental human
rights referenced in this document.
We expect our suppliers to comply with all applicable labor laws, rules, and
regulations, including but not limited to all laws forbidding the solicitation,
facilitation, or any other use of slavery, child labor or human trafficking. Suppliers
are expected to have a human rights policy, procedures or practices that align
with or exceed the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights,
International Labour Organization Convention, UK and Australia’s Modern Slavery
Acts and California Supply Chain Transparency Act.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 79Employee training on human rights
policies or procedures
All Agilent employees participate in required annual training on
Standards of Business Conduct which outlines expectations for
dealing with customers, suppliers and conduct in the workplace.
Procurement professionals are required to take additional
online training on environmental, health, safety and social
responsibility. New training has also been added on eliminating
forced labor, slavery and human trafficking from the global
supply chain.
Agilent’s purchase order agreements require that suppliers
comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct. Agilent is unaware
of any operations or suppliers identified as having significant
risk for incidents of child labor.
There are new laws regarding eliminating slavery and forced
labor in our supply chains each year. Agilent is continuing to
monitor these laws and update its requirements to match.
Additional evaluations and audits are being added to make
sure we meet the requirements.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 80Supply Chain Training and Education
Education and training play an important role in our supply chain management process.
OFS Academy
We provide an online education program, known as OFS Academy, to help employees better understand what a supply chain is,
how our supply chain operates, and how it fits within our larger operations. This helps employees downstream from the process
understand how their work impacts upstream activities and ensures all parts of the organization are working in harmony.
The OFS strategy—including our mission, vision, strategic priorities, goals, and Key Performance Indicators (KPI)—are
disseminated to OFS leaders through the Academy with interactive content. All employees are given the opportunity to provide
feedback and engage directly with executive management in various formats.
This ensures our managers understand the strategy and can communicate it to their teams ensuring we are all working towards
the same goal. Every year, we review our strategy, and adjust KPIs to ensure we maintain our status as a leader for product quality
and delivery performance in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemicals.
School of Digital Innovation
The OFS Academy School of Digital Innovation is a formal curriculum to help employees develop a digital mindset toward
innovating and solving problems. Topics range from artificial intelligence and 3D printing to robotics and Office 365. The
curriculum is accessible to all OFS employees, providing benefit and career development for all. Each site has a dedicated
OFS Future Lab. It’s here where employees can experiment, investigate and test ideas in this digital lab.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 81Selecting and Onboarding Updated in 2021 with expanded social criteria, the
sustainability assessment asks questions and requests
New Suppliers
supporting documentation regarding sustainability
management including:
New suppliers are asked to complete our Supplier
Compliance Process or a portion of the full process that • Programs to manage impacts
includes our sustainability assessment. New suppliers
• Goals and targets
take an online training on the onboarding process,
• Sustainability ratings
questionnaires and requirements. Suppliers are invited
to register for our supplier portal to begin filling in their • Sustainability management
profile information on company financials, management requirements for its key suppliers
and ownership, and legal and regulatory questions, such
as whether the company has a Code of Conduct, and the This past year we expanded our supply chain
frequency of employee training on the Code. sustainability assessments to measure performance of
all strategic and preferred/core suppliers, representing
As part of onboarding, suppliers are provided information
the majority of procurement spend. In the coming
about our ESG requirements, including our Supplier Code
years, we will be expanding measures to monitor, track,
of Conduct, and anti-corruption, anti-bribery and conflict
evaluate and work collaboratively to continually improve
of interest requirements and are expected to comply with
the sustainability performance of our suppliers.
these requirements.
Where relevant, suppliers must also complete a Quality
Questionnaire as required by our Quality Management
System.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 82Promoting Supplier Diversity We partner with several supplier diversity councils to Auditing
identify suppliers to include in sourcing events. To promote
We believe that diverse businesses create the greatest awareness, we launched an internal Supplier Diversity Agilent conducts compliance assessments to verify
economic impact in our communities, as well as offer website where we post a list of existing diverse suppliers, supplier adherence to our expectations. Suppliers complete
innovative, high-quality and cost-effective solutions for and internal contacts that can assist in finding new an online self-assessment which includes questions on
Agilent to better serve our customers. diverse suppliers. Agilent will not compromise on cost, Quality, Environment, Health, and Safety, Human Rights
quality, service or risk business continuity when selecting and Employment Practices, Sustainability, Supply Chain
In FY21 we launched a formal Supplier Diversity program to
any supplier. Security, and other relevant topics. Supplier responses are
expand diversity in our U.S. supply base with Tier 1 suppliers.
analyzed and assigned a risk level (High, Medium, Low).
We established a baseline of our diverse supplier spend a In FY21 our efforts resulted in 10% increased spend with
Risk mitigation steps are put in place for any supplier
nd set annual goals to increase the number of diverse diverse suppliers and the addition of 20 new diverse
identified as high or medium risk. In addition to this
suppliers and our spending with them, and we track this suppliers. In total, we spent $133 million with small and
process, Agilent works with an external agency to conduct
progress each quarter. diverse suppliers in FY21.
on-site audits for high-risk suppliers. All required corrective
As we continue focusing on increasing these numbers, actions identified during an on-site audit are monitored and
The program focuses on the following:
we’re also exploring how to expand our supplier diversity reviewed by the external agency before providing closure
program to additional countries and to Tier 2 suppliers. on the corrective action.
• Actively seeking out certified diverse suppliers that can
provide competitive, high-quality goods and services
In FY21, no suppliers were identified as having high risk.
• Ensuring the inclusion of diverse suppliers as a part of our Even if there are no high-risk suppliers, we continue to review
strategic sourcing and procurement process trends and areas of concern and audit suppliers based on
data from the compliance questionnaire. In 2022, Agilent will
• Communicating the value of supplier diversity to internal
increase the number of audits performed by expanding the
stakeholders.
risk criteria used to evaluate the compliance questionnaire.
• Training our Procurement professionals.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 83Occupational Seventeen of our sites are subject to internal audits for EHS functional staff periodically evaluates the significant
compliance with our EHSMS. Our EHSMS conforms to aspects list to consider changes in i) our operations,
Health & Safety the requirements of ISO 14001:2015 and is aligned to ISO ii) significant aspects list, and iii) external stakeholder
45001. Five sites are certified to 14001 under a multi-site expectations. Each EHSMS site identifies the significant EHS
certification and our Beijing site is certified to both ISO14001 aspects and impacts of its operations that it can control and
and ISO45001. over which it can be expected to have an influence.
We extend our mission to our employees, providing the same
level of attention, rigor and resources in protecting the health
Sites included within the scope are determined through Risk assessments are conducted on all new operations or
and safety of our employees as we do in developing products
systematic risk analysis and take into consideration the when any changes in operations, equipment, chemicals or
and services that advance the quality of life around the world.
nature and scale of site operations, including manufacturing, exposures occur. Agilent’s staff of EHS professionals conduct
R&D, sales and service and support functions.4 EHSMS and oversee risk assessments of all operations to identify
EHS Management System governing documents are used by Agilent personnel having hazards and determine appropriate controls in accordance with
the responsibility for implementing appropriate programs at all regulations and industry best practices. Hazard assessments
organizational levels, including Global, Business, Region, Country, are also conducted at customer sites where Agilent employees
Agilent's global EHS organization establishes companywide
Geography and Site. Directly supervised Non-Agilent Workers may travel for installation, calibration or service of Agilent’s
EHS policy and operational standards for our locations
(NAW’s) are included in our EHSMS programs and training. laboratory analytical equipment. Additional risks are identified
worldwide by maintaining and implementing our EHS
through periodic inspections, audits and incident investigations.
management system (EHSMS). Aligned to ISO 45001 and
Risk Identification, Audits
14001, the EHSMS provides a framework for assessing and Results of risk assessments, hazard inspections, program
managing health and safety risks and supporting employee reviews and incident investigations are evaluated and
and Investigations
wellness across design, development, manufacturing and corrective and preventive actions (CAPAs) are implemented,
sourcing activities worldwide. if needed, in accordance with the hierarchy of controls.
Our global EHS team develops and maintains the list of
Investigations and correctives are tracked to closure.
The EHSMS is designed to minimize adverse environmental companywide EHS aspects within Agilent’s operations. Aspect
and occupational health and safety impacts, ensure ongoing significance is based upon potential EHS impacts, regulatory
4. Sites that meet one of the criteria meeting our minimum threshold are
compliance with regulatory requirements, and address the compliance, product lifecycles, emergency conditions and
brought into our global EHSMS: i) at least 20 production employees, ii)
needs of key stakeholders. association with activities of concern to Agilent’s stakeholders. presence of high-risk activities, iii) more than 50,000 sq. ft facility.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 84Work-Related Incidents
Internal and external EHS audits along with periodic
Employees 2019 2020 2021
management reviews supplement the ongoing
continuous improvement processes. Data developed
Number of fatalities 0 0 0
from EHS training along with CAPAs is monitored
on a quarterly basis and reviewed with executive Rate of fatalities 0 0 0
management semi-annually.
Number of high-consequence work-related injuries 0 0 0
Employees are instructed during orientation and
subsequent training to be proactive in reporting Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries 0 0 0
hazards and other safety concerns to their managers.
Employees are also instructed to refuse work or Number of recordable work-related injuries 68 42 65
remove themselves from work environments that
Rate of recordable work-related injuries 0.38 0.24 0.27
they perceive to be unsafe.
Number of hours worked 35,526,000 34,702,000 48,544,000
While we place heavy emphasis on preventing
incidents, employees are required to report incidents
Non-Agilent workers directly supervised by Agilent are included with the 2021 data captured above.
as soon as they occur. Work-related incidents are
investigated by managers and EHS professionals
to identify causes according to our guidelines on Agilent’s EHSMS details the approach to preventing and mitigating significant
incident reporting and investigations. occupation health and safety impacts.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 85Health and Safety Committee Areas of Focus
Health and Safety committees are an integral part of EHS processes at our sites Two of our highest priority risk areas include those related to chemicals used in our
and help drive continuous improvement of our EHSMS. Approximately 75% of R&D and manufacturing operations, and ergonomics in our offices and during manual
the total workforce is represented in formal joint management-worker health and material handling.
safety committees. As required at a country level, health and safety topics are
We seek to reduce risks from chemical usage through engineering and
included for discussion with local worker councils or trade unions.
administrative controls and limiting chemical usage. We are continuously assessing
ways we can achieve the same results without the use of hazardous chemicals,
EHS Training
such as by switching to a safer alternative or using a different process or technology.
New chemical use is formally reviewed by professional EHS staff and exposure
All employees receive a safety orientation when hired. Managers and EHS staff
assessments are completed. Action Levels are set at 50% of regulatory exposure
complete a training needs assessment for employees and are responsible
limits. Regular trainings are conducted for all relevant personnel, with further EHS
for assigning and tracking employee EHS training, as well as ensuring any
awareness being raised across the organization through our sustainability employee
local or national regulatory requirements on training are met. Generic and
engagement activities.
job-specific EHS training is provided through written standard operating
procedures, classroom instruction, online courses and on-the-job training. A Concerted efforts have been and continue to be made to provide optimal office
suite of online exposure-specific safety training courses on topics such as ergonomics equipment and configurations. Training and assessments are required
Hazard Communication & Chemical Safety, Safe Lifting, and Managers’ EHS for computer use greater than two hours per day. Assessments are also required
Responsibilities is maintained in our learning management system. On-the- for manual material handling tasks and training provided for personnel with those
job training is conducted at the department level and may extend for several exposures. Ergonomic program development is overseen by a Certified Professional
months depending on job roles. Improvements to EHS training is an element in Ergonomist with sites tailoring specific elements to best fit their particular exposures.
our continuous improvement process.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 86Employee Health and Wellbeing Our occupational health programs include
but are not limited to:
While Agilent does not have workers with high incidence or high risk of • Covid-19 vaccination information and onsite
work-related disease, we provide multiple programs and educational vaccine clinics
opportunities aimed at managing serious diseases and medical
• Ergonomics program, including "playbook"
situations for employees as well as family and community members.
resource for home workstation assessments
This includes employee training as a precautionary measure to prevent
• Health surveillance program
blood borne diseases.
• Hearing conservation program
Agilent EHS standards maintain employee exposure levels for harmful
• Respiratory protection program
agents in the workplace well below regulatory requirements. Our
Workplace Services has both Emergency Action and Disaster Recovery • Well-Being@Agilent program
Plans that address serious medical events or disease outbreaks (e.g.,
• Site fitness centers
pandemic events).
The Agilent Benefits organization provides comprehensive health and
well-being benefits to employees and family members to assist in
managing their personal health needs. These plans include counseling
services and risk-based health coaching.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 87The Agilent Security and travelers around the world. Notifications are provided to
appropriate personnel, crisis teams, or other site/business
Response Center (SRC)
management via the mass notification system of potential
threat situations and aid in coordinating resources as required.
Established in 2001, Agilent’s Global Security Response
Depending on global events, the SRC will send safety-related
Center (SRC) is one of the first truly global security operations
messages to over 500 employees around the world during a
centers (GSOC), becoming a recognized best practice across
typical month.
the international corporate security industry. GSOCs are now
common in most security organizations, and the Agilent
Travel Security
model continues to provide an excellent example of a world-
class operation. The SRC is integrated into our EHSMS.
Worldwide business travel itineraries are received by Agilent
The SRC is staffed 24x7, year-round, and receives real-time Security and are accessible by the SRC. As global events
notification of major events such as civil unrest, criminal occur, the SRC can quickly determine which business
activity, serious health/disease issues, localized disasters, travelers might be impacted by the circumstances. Upwards
terrorism, transportation disruptions, severe weather, of 6,000 safety-related advisory messages and status
wildfires and earthquakes. Agilent facilities around the world checks are sent via the system each year to our employees,
also notify the SRC of local events such as power outages, including global travelers.
evacuations, and other issues that are causing – or could
The SRC also reviews over 50 detailed travel plans for high-
cause – impacts to our people or business operations. In
risk travel during a typical month and provides destination
turn, the SRC ensures that Agilent’s management, business
briefings for these elevated risk destinations. Ultimately, all
stakeholders, and employees are advised of these events
high-risk travel must be pre-approved by Agilent Security. In
as appropriate.
cases where Agilent’s business takes employees to locations
The SRC utilizes a variety of intelligence platforms to that present increased risk, the SRC partners with these
immediately pinpoint potential threat scenarios and to travelers to periodically capture their location data and
determine the proximity and potential impacts for our sites ensure check-ins occur at pre-determined intervals.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 88Product Quality and Customer Safety
Quality Organization
Customers in more than 100 countries depend not only on our leading-edge technologies, The Global Quality & Regulatory Affairs (GQRA) organization oversees our QMS and ensures
but on the superior quality of our products, services and support. We take steps to ensure we that Agilent’s overall quality objectives are met. The head of the organization is on our
consistently meet or exceed the standards set forth in our Quality Policy across the product executive leadership team, reporting directly to the president and CEO, and oversees a team
life cycle, from R&D to monitoring of any issues that arise during customer use. Through our of quality and regulatory specialists who work closely with product development, customer
Quality Management System (QMS), we ensure that our products and services are delivered to service, and marketing teams.
the level and quality our customers expect.
Our quality and regulatory leaders establish company-wide requirements that meet global
regulations and help us maintain this brand promise. These requirements ensure that:
Quality Standards
• We create products that comply with safety and regulatory requirements
To further demonstrate our commitment to product integrity, we offer customers the
• We maintain and continually improve the effectiveness of our product and
assurance of certification to ISO standards. Agilent operates under an ISO 9001 certified
service business management systems to conform at a minimum to ISO
quality management system. Additional ISO certifications are obtained where applicable. For
9001 or more stringent or legally required standards
example, sites that create diagnostic products are certified to higher standards, such as ISO
• Our products meet published specifications
13485, as well as other regulatory requirements.
• We monitor and improve our customers’ total experience
And design and production of our in vitro diagnostic medical devices is audited against the full
• We maintain and monitor a supply chain with suppliers, partners, and
quality assurance system requirements of EU’s Regulation 2017/746. Each type of certification
contractors that meet our quality requirements and customer needs
requires continual monitoring for compliance to the applicable standard by an outside,
independent authority. • We treat customers in accordance with our Standards of Business Conduct
and Privacy Policies
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 89Quality Processes • Prepare Agilent for visits from external auditors and
inspectors required to maintain our compliance to
Regularly scheduled quality management reviews ensure global regulations.
that the Quality Management System is operating such that
Continuous improvement is fundamental to Agilent’s quality
our quality-related requirements, including the defined quality
culture. It is a cornerstone of the way we develop innovative
objectives, have been appropriately identified and are being
products and services that deliver value for our customers.
met. Identified deficiencies are corrected and monitored to
Aside from audits and other internal processes, we utilize
ensure that the Agilent Quality Management System across
other tools such as data analytics to find opportunities for
the business continues to be effective in meeting Agilent’s
product and process improvement. Customer feedback is a
stated quality policy and customer requirements.
key input for our continuous improvement efforts, gathered
Quality laboratories are geographically located in various in several ways:
regions and manufacturing sites. They work closely with R&D
and manufacturing to ensure instruments meet the highest • We conduct regular customer surveys and uses these
standards of quality and applicable regulations. results along with other customer satisfaction data to
identify and drive areas of improvement that can include
Our internal audit group tracks regulatory compliance Supply Chain Quality
product development, supplier management, and improved
by monitoring quality across all Agilent businesses and
efficiency of existing QMS processes.
manufacturing sites. Using a risk-based approach and We also hold our suppliers to a high quality standard with
robust audit schedule, these internal audits: • Our Compliant Management Center works with the our Supplier Quality System Requirements, which defines
businesses to gather and analyze customer complaints to
the requirements for a quality system and supporting
• Identify areas for continuous improvement identify and implement corrective actions, corrections, and
management systems that must be maintained by a supplier
continuous improvement.
• Ensure we are conforming to multiple requirements, such of products and services to Agilent. Our supplier quality
as those related to ISO certifications, Medical Device Single • Our Product Support organization assists customer and oversight function works in close partnership with Business
Audit Program (MDSAP), EU In Vitro Diagnostic Regulations field service as well as providing customer feedback functions and Procurement to ensure the qualification and
(IVDR), and good practice (GxP) regulations and guidelines insights to the division. ongoing assessment of supplier quality performance.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 90Lab Safety Chemical Vapor reduction Oil handling and vapors
Improvements in the environmental sustainability of Dealing with hazardous organic solvents is challenging in In analyzing customer feedback, the number one complaint
lab products may also reduce health and safety risks, a setting using high-performance liquid chromatography about their experience with oil pumps during their daily
another key concern for labs. EHS concerns in labs include (HLPC), which requires compounds to be dissolved in LC/MS operations were oil related, such as leaks, waste
instrument safety, risk of electric shocks, and waste disposal, solvents to be analyzed by instrument. Limiting solvent and harmful vapors. Our Mass Spec and Vacuum Pumps
but according to a recent independent survey of 387 lab evaporation is key to limiting the associated health divisions worked together for several years to develop
managers, EHS managers, and scientists, 84% indicated that impacts. Agilent designed Stay Safe caps to contain our IDP dry scroll pumps that are 100% oil-free, offering a
chemical safety is their main EHS-related concern. Agilent has solvent vapor in the bottle. Experiments showed that Stay cleaner, healthier, and more productive lab space.
developed solutions that address environmental, health and Safe caps could reduce solvent vapor evaporation by 98%
safety concerns, with several highlighted below. compared to an open bottle, and by 85% compared to a
standard solvent cap.
Solvent handling
Solvent usage reduction
Infinity Lab LC Series is designed for safe leak and waste
handling. To protect against solvent leakage, leak sensors With the introduction of superficially porous particle (SPP)
and optimized leak-to-waste funnels are in every InfinityLab technology, Agilent has paved the way for reproducible,
LC Series module. Leak sensors stop the running system robust LC methods with a low number of unexpected issues,
as soon as the leak detection level is reached. Loose while still offering efficient throughput. An analysis of 10
connections, which could lead to leaks, can be minimized or of the most popular Agilent application notes dealing with
eliminated by using Agilent InfinityLab fittings. modernizing LC methods showed that solvent consumption
can be reduced by 80 to 98%, which also reduces the
associated handling and storage risks of potentially
hazardous solvents, like methanol and others.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 91Product Marketing handling and labeling of hazardous waste in areas where we
operate. In the EU, relevant products comply with labeling,
and Labeling collection and recycling requirements of the European WEEE
(Waste from Electrical & Electronic Equipment) Directive.
Agilent customers located in an EU or EEA member state can
Agilent complies with required labeling for substance participate in local take-back recycling programs that meet
identification in our products in accordance with required WEEE Directive requirements.
regulations, and safe use guidance for products produced
Chemical Labeling
by Agilent. Agilent follows documented processes to assess
the labeling requirements of our products and services for
Agilent requires hazardous and restricted material composition
compliance with these guidelines.
data for materials that we purchase for use in our products,
including parts procured on our behalf by third parties, such as
Chemical Labeling
contract manufacturers, distributors and logistics providers.
Agilent supplies Safety Data Sheets (SDS) in accordance with Agilent's General Specification for the Environment (GSE)
Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labeling consolidates all material restrictions, labeling, and marketing
of Chemicals (GHS). Chemical products manufactured and stipulations required from our suppliers into one document
distributed by Agilent undergo labeling reviews for compliance covering environmental laws in the Americas, Asia-Pacific
with GHS requirements. and Europe. Annually Agilent communicates materials
specifications to our suppliers through the GSE to inform them
End-of-Life Disposal of any updates to product labeling and marketing, and the list
of chemicals/materials that are banned for use in our materials,
We include a waste container symbol with Agilent and Original parts, and products, which may be due to changes to global
Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) products, as well as batteries regulations or internal decisions made to minimize product and
sold by Agilent to guide customers in safe and proper disposal. process impacts.
We comply with applicable laws and regulations regarding
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 92Data privacy & security We treat the collection of data according to the applicable has a comprehensive Data Protection Impact Assessment
laws, and in line with our privacy principles of respecting (DPIA) process to systematically assess and evaluate risk
individual rights, acting with transparency, and embedding for new and changed uses of personal data.
Information security is a companywide priority, and we privacy in our design.
Agilent’s Data Protection and Privacy program governance
continuously invest in our people, processes and tools
We are actively monitoring and adapting our program to strategy includes a Data Privacy Board with Senior
to strengthen our security posture to protect Agilent and
the emerging privacy and security regulations around the Management across the entire business, complemented by
Customers data.
globe and the unparalleled shift to digital interactions due to dedicated Privacy Champions in each function, responsible
the Covid-19 pandemic. Agilent continues to build upon our for acting as the voice of privacy in their functional area.
• Agilent’s Information Security & Risk Management
comprehensive principles-based data protection and privacy We have leveraged and expanded our Program’s processes
(ISRM) organization
program, emphasizing the provision of appropriate privacy and governance strategy to address newly emerging privacy
• Agilent’s Security Policy Governance Council and
notices, acting with transparency and in accordance with regulations across the globe.
Cloud Center of Excellence.
our notices and embedding data protection and privacy-
Our privacy statement. with details of how Agilent protects
• Cyber Security Risk Assessments on Enterprise IT by-design into both our products and business operations.
personal data is publicly available on our website.
solutions, as well as our Product Security Program. We do so while adapting our approaches to cater to remote
workforces, online collaboration and increased digital
Customer Privacy interactions with our customers. We continue to develop
and deliver new data protection and privacy content,
communications and training to engage Agilent’s global
At Agilent, we recognize the importance of data protection
employee base and support our commitments to protect the
and privacy. We are committed to acting in accord with
data entrusted to us.
our values of uncompromising integrity and accountability
in handling personal data and being a responsible data
To further embed privacy into our business, we operate
steward and a trusted partner in this digital and global
a global Data Subject Access Request (DSAR) intake and
business environment.
response process to ensure we provide timely responses to
all individual data privacy rights requests. In addition, Agilent
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 93Community Seven principles guide our philanthropic giving.
The Agilent Foundation
Self-Sustaining Equitable
We seek to achieve permanent impact and to promote We seek to improve equity in our communities through
Since its founding in 1999, the Agilent Foundation has been
change that will outlive the partnerships we create. our contributions. We also bring an equitable approach
supporting causes important to the Agilent community in the
to our employee gift matching program—all employees
US and across our global operations. The vision and mission
receive the same benefit, regardless of their tenure, role,
of the Foundation is to advance the quality of life in areas
or compensation.
where the need is great and we are uniquely positioned to Diversity and Inclusion
have a measurable impact—from ensuring safe water and
Our approach to diversity and inclusion considers race,
food to addressing climate change and supporting STEM
ethnicity, ability, culture, and geography.
education for underrepresented communities. Impact
We look for new and innovative solutions to chronic
problems. Outcomes should be measurable with an eye
Global
towards continual improvement.
We strive to distribute our funding proportionately in the
communities where we work.
Transparency
Employee Driven The Foundation’s financials and grant making process
are available to employees, auditors and the public.
We encourage our employees to suggest charitable
The Foundation, values accountability and integrity.
initiatives to fund in their communities.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 94Employee Giving Program
The Agilent foundation gave $633,361 through our employee donation matching program.
Agilent matches employees’ contributions to thousands of local, national, and international
charities of their choice up to $25,000 per year.
Last year, we took several steps to make the program more inclusive for everyone:
• Removing the $100 threshold required to receive a company matching donation.
This allows all employees, regardless of how much they give, to qualify for matching funds.
• Giving each employee $25 to donate through our giving platform to their charity of choice.
• For employees who volunteer on their own time, introducing a matching contribution of
$25 for each hour they volunteer.
We also made several enhancements to our online giving platform to make it more user friendly
and inclusive for employees. This included updating the interface, increasing the number of
charities that qualify for matching contributions, developing engaging content around charitable
giving, and responding quickly with helpful philanthropic information when a crisis strikes, such
as a natural disaster or humanitarian crisis.
We also laid the groundwork to expand this giving platform to all employees across our global
operations in FY22.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 95Volunteer Time Off Covid-19 Care in India
Agilent gives employees the equivalent of six workdays of As Covid-19 cases spread across India and death rates
paid time off (known as Volunteer Time Off) per calendar year escalated in spring of 2021, Agilent provided a grant of
and a pro-rated amount to part-time employees. Through $138,403 to the United Way of India to quickly deliver
this program, employees across 19 countries spent 15,128 essential medical equipment to treat Covid-19 patients
hours volunteering in their communities last year, valued at in local hospitals in Uttar Pradesh and Jharkhand. This
$802,403 in employee time. supplemented Agilent’s Covid vaccination campaign in
India during the same period, which enabled 900 employees
HBCU Partnerships to get vaccinated.
The Foundation began a plan to develop partnerships with Support for STEM Researchers
HBCUs to fulfill our mission of diversifying the pipeline to
STEM. This will include a STEM scholarship program at We provided a grant of $20,000 to support graduate-level
universities close to our largest locations. We’re also targeting researchers in STEM through ARCS, Advancing Science in
local, state-funded universities, whose students are often in America, a woman-led nonprofit organization that provides
greater need of financial support. funding to help graduate and undergraduate students create
new knowledge and innovative technologies. Our funding
supported scholarly research in solar energy harvesting
to advance climate technology and brain-machine
interface technologies that can help people suffering from
neurodegenerative and neuropathic diseases.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 96GovernanceGovernance
Agilent is committed to conducting our business in an ethical, socially responsible and environmentally sustainable
manner, as we recognize these are aligned with our long-term success. Our Board of Directors and sound
corporate governance structure support us in delivering on this commitment.
• Ten of our eleven directors are independent • Five new independent directors added
during the past five years
• Independent standing Board committees
• Varied lengths of Board tenure with an
• Strong independent Chairperson
average tenure of eight years
• Strong focus on pay-for-performance
• Stock ownership guidelines for executive
• Diverse Board with an effective mix of skills,
officers and directors
experience and perspectives
• Proxy access for our stockholders
Board Governance
As of December 31, 2021, our Board of Directors was comprised of eleven individuals, ten of whom are
independent as determined pursuant to NYSE’s listing standards. Our Board is led by an independent chair. Fully
independent committees of the Board oversee audit, compensation and nomination. Our Board’s Corporate
Governance Standards cover various topics relating to the Board and its responsibilities. The Corporate
Governance Standards reflect the Board’s commitment to assess its effectiveness, outline the authority and
practices in place to review and evaluate Agilent’s business operations and strategy as needed and make
decisions that are independent of Agilent’s management.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 98Board Membership
The Board’s Corporate Governance Standards reaffirm Agilent’s commitment to having leaders on the Board with broad executive experiences
and diverse backgrounds. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee’s charter requires consideration of a director nominee’s integrity,
experience, judgment, independence and ability to commit sufficient time and attention to Board activities. In addition, skills such as insight
into the life science industry, international background, and other relevant characteristics are considered. We believe it is valuable to have
directors with varying lengths of service in order to strike the right balance between continuity and renewal. The five independent directors we
added to the Board in the past five years bring fresh perspectives to the Board, while our longer tenured directors have deep knowledge of our
operations and strategic focus. In 2021, we added two new independent directors to our Board, bringing the Board to eleven members.
Board Members by
Board Members by Age Board Members by Gender
Race/Ethnicity
18% 18% 18%
27%
9%
73% 73%
64%
50's 60's 70's Female Male Asian/Pacific Islander
African American Caucasian
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 99ESG Governance
Our Board and management recognize that managing our ESG risks and unlocking ESG
opportunities is integral to our ability to create and retain value for our stakeholders.
Our ESG governance structure is designed to: i) guide our strategy, ii) ensure a unified
approach to overseeing, managing, and measuring our ESG performance, and iii) support
transparency and accountability to both internal and external stakeholders.
This approach starts at the highest levels of the organization, from our Board to our
management.
Two management-level bodies oversee ESG issues with complementary roles and
responsibilities. The Executive ESG Steering Committee, comprised of senior executives
who report to our CEO, meets biannually to provide oversight of our ESG strategy, identify
new ESG focus areas and trends, and approve plans of record. They report to the Board’s
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee annually. Reporting to the Steering
Committee twice yearly is the vice president of Workplace Services and head of ESG
Programs. This role leads the ESG Working Group, which is composed of representatives
from key functions, such as Supply Chain, Site Operations, R&D, Manufacturing, and
Marketing, among others. The Working Group meets regularly to identify gaps and
priorities and integrate ESG strategies and programs into business strategies.
Day-to-day management of ESG issues resides within each relevant business or function,
supported by additional collaborative groups, such as our NPI/R&D Sustainability team
and OFS Sustainability team.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 100The Board provides overall ESG oversight with
specific responsibilities addressed through its three
Director Qualifications
standing committees.
Our Nominating and Governance Committee oversees Category Anand Bishop Brawley Dolsten Koh Kunz McMullen Podolsky Rataj Scangos Wilson
our ESG program and ensures our ESG strategy is
aligned with our long-term corporate strategy. Updates International
on our ESG program and progress are provided by
Life Sciences/
management on an annual basis, with issue-specific Healthcare
updates provided as needed.
Technology/
Our Audit and Finance Committee formally reviews our Innovation
Strategy
enterprise risk management program, which incorporates
relevant ESG risks, and regularly reports to the full Board
M&A
on the program and related risk management efforts.
Public
Our Compensation Committee formally reviews the Company
Executive
benefits provided to our employees, including health and
wellness. The Committee also establishes and approves
Accounting/
compensation plans and arrangements with respect to Finance
our executive officers and oversees the administration
Branding/
of the company’s equity plans. Our compensation
Marketing
program is designed to align executive interests with
stockholders; support our long-term and short-term Regulatory
business strategy; attract, retain and motivate talent; and
link pay with performance.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 101Enterprise Risk Management
The Agilent ERM Program is one component of Agilent's overall risk management
framework. Our approach to enterprise risk management is to focus on the
principal risks to the company while not duplicating other governance activities.
We use our ERM Program to identify material risks across the company,
determine ownership of the risk, support the creation and maintenance of
business continuity plans where appropriate, monitor the adequacy of plans
across key business flows, and ensure the performance of appropriate testing
and drills and the availability of a central repository for documentation.
If an incident occurs that results in a partial or full implementation of a business
continuity plan, the program reviews the key learnings and the effectiveness of
the plan and ensures appropriate actions are taken.
The ERM program is managed within Agilent’s Global Infrastructure Services
organization. The Executive Risk Committee, comprised of the CEO staff, meets
twice per year to review progress, evaluate present and emerging risks, and
validate the program has identified the correct principal risk area to focus on.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 102Ethics & Compliance through the company’s Integrity Helpline. Employees are
able to communicate and report suspected violations
confidentially and anonymously, where permitted by law.
Ethics Employees and others can raise questions or concerns by
calling the toll-free number, visiting the Helpline website,
or sending a text message (text communication available
We adhere to high standards of ethics and conduct
in North America only). Additionally, questions or concerns
business with uncompromising integrity. We expect our
related to questionable accounting, internal controls, or
employees and business partners to conduct business in
auditing matters can also be raised directly to the Audit
compliance with applicable laws and regulations and with
and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors.
the standards and policies set forth in our Standards of
Business Conduct (SBC) and Supplier Code of Conduct. We have procedures to manage reports to ensure
consistent investigation and response procedures across
Our SBC helps to protect our reputation as an ethical
incident types and reporting channels. Serious violations
corporate citizen. Newly hired employees are required
are reviewed by the Senior Management. The Chief
to sign an acknowledgement that they have received,
Compliance Officer reports to the Audit and Finance
read, and will comply with the SBC. In addition, annually,
Committee on a regular basis regarding the effectiveness
employees above certain levels are required to complete
of our Global Compliance Program.
Ethics and Anti-Bribery and Corruption trainings and
acknowledge the SBC. Regularly, we conduct trainings on The Company’s Internal Audit function periodically reviews
specific topics in the SBC for groups of our employees. business unit operations using a risk-based audit plan.
Internal Audit regularly assesses the effectiveness of the
Employees are expected to raise questions or concerns
Company’s Compliance and Anti-Bribery and Corruption
about conduct that may be inconsistent with the law,
programs through routine and targeted audits of business
the SBC, or other policies to their supervisor, Human
functions and/or sales affiliates.
Resources contact, the Global Compliance team, and
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 103Competition Agilent managers are responsible for actively promoting
awareness of, and enforcing compliance with, antitrust
and competition policies among their teams, and must not
Competition laws, also known as antitrust laws, vary by
actively or passively authorize or ignore anti-competitive
country, but share the same underlying philosophy that
activities in their organization. Employees who fail to adhere
competition benefits consumers by providing higher-quality,
to these policies are subject to disciplinary action up to, and
more innovative products, and services at lower prices.
including, termination of employment.
Around the world, competition laws seek to prohibit conduct
that undermines competition, such as the formation of
Agilent regularly conducts internal audits, including those
cartels among competitors or the abuse of a company's
focused on possible anti-competitive behavior. Additionally,
market power. Agilent understands the commitment to
whenever allegations are raised of anti-competitive behavior,
ensuring compliance with these laws is an important aspect
Agilent has a process for investigating and addressing such
of participation in the global marketplace.
concerns.
Agilent is committed to competing vigorously and fairly
Third parties working with Agilent are informed of
in all markets in which we do business. We place high
Agilent’s commitment to its values including those of
importance on maintaining compliance with competition
Uncompromising Integrity and Accountability and the SBC.
laws globally. To achieve this goal, all Agilent employees
While we work collaboratively with partners, at the same
are given guidance on interactions with competitors. When
time, we recognize that they are independent businesses,
dealing with reseller or other channel partners, Agilent is
and we are committed to ensuring a fair marketplace.
committed to ensuring there is no influence or interference
with a reseller’s ability to set the price at which it offers our
products or services for sale.
Agilent provides guidance on antitrust and competition
law to employees, as well as training and mechanisms for
raising questions or raising concerns.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 104Preventing Corruption employment, entertainment, travel or an offer of these or Agilent expects every employee, agent, or representative
another benefit. Even a charitable or political contribution whose duties are likely to lead to involvement in, or exposure
Strong anti-corruption policies benefit all aspects of can be considered a bribe if offered to influence a business to, any of the areas covered by laws against corruption
society – whether that means fair business conduct, decision. Regardless of local practice or the practices of and bribery to become familiar with and comply with the
access to education, or a right to vote. Laws such as the other companies, Agilent’s policies are to seek to avoid company’s anti-corruption policies. Agilent requires its
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act, France’s acts of corruption or acts that create even the appearance employees, agents, and representatives in all countries to
Sapin II, Brazil’s “Clean Company” Act, China’s Anti-Unfair of business impropriety. certify periodically to compliance with these policies and to
Competition Law of the PRC and other similar laws around participate in training sessions as instructed by management.
the world prohibit bribery of government officials to benefit Agilent's anti‐corruption policies incorporate the
Agilent managers are responsible for actively promoting
business interests. common elements of anti‐corruption laws and
awareness of, and enforcing compliance with, these policies
regulations worldwide that apply to Agilent's business.
Agilent does business directly or indirectly in over 120 among their teams, and must not actively or passively
Agilent is committed to complying with:
countries worldwide, each of which has its own unique authorize or ignore corrupt activities in their organization.
laws, business practices, and customs. Agilent requires Employees who violate these policies will be subject to
• The laws and regulations in the countries where Agilent
its employees and business partners in all geographies disciplinary action, which may include termination of
conducts business including the laws and regulations
to conduct their affairs with uncompromising integrity employment. No employee will suffer adverse consequences
of the United States, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
and accountability and does not tolerate corrupt business for refusing to offer or make a corrupt payment, even if it may
Practices Act, and other international anti‐corruption
activities. result in the loss of business.
laws and regulations, including the U.K. Bribery Act of
Agilent maintains written policies against corruption that 2010 and the OECD Anti‐Bribery Convention, to which
prohibit promising, offering, giving, or receiving from any 38 countries are signatories
individual anything of value or personal benefit with the • Agilent's Standards of Business Conduct (SBC)
expectation of receiving a favor, a grant of business, or
• Agilent's policies and procedures
any other business advantage in return. Such actions are
sometimes referred to as bribes or kickbacks. A bribe
can take many forms including payments, gifts, favors,
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 105Monitoring of Data Record-Keeping/ Due Diligence on Third Parties
Accounting Provisions
Continuous evaluation is completed by the Internal Agilent conducts due diligence on third parties with whom
Audit team, which uses audit software and other tools Agilent does business and takes steps to ensure that
Agilent’s Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) and other
to conduct semi-automated analyses of large amounts these third parties comply with the requirements of the
company policies require the maintenance of books and records
of Agilent data to identify errors, control deviations company’s anti-corruption policies. Due diligence includes
that accurately reflect all transactions. In addition, Agilent
and potential fraud. Tests are performed periodically the use of a due diligence questionnaire, independent
maintains a system of internal accounting controls reasonably
throughout the year, ensuring that all transactions background checks and investigations, inclusion of anti-
designed to detect and prevent fraudulent transactions.
identified are reviewed during the year. corruption contractual provisions, and post-engagement
The handling of each transaction is subject to Agilent’s Internal
education and monitoring, as appropriate.
Agilent runs multiple tests on data, including purchase Audit verification, with reporting of exceptions to management
orders, payables, vendor data, customer data, sales and other appropriate company stakeholders. Third parties working with Agilent are informed of
orders, expense reports, and site access. When issues are Agilent’s commitment to its values including those of
identified in continuous auditing, they are addressed either Uncompromising Integrity and Accountability. They are
directly with our internal business partners or referred to made aware of the policies against corruption and are
another audit team or a special investigations team for required to sign contracts agreeing to abide by these
further management. An example of a continuous auditing provisions, train their own employees, and manage the
test is a check that users with active system access are Agilent business accordingly.
still active Agilent employees or contractors. Another
example is to search for duplicate payments made to
employees or vendors.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 106Appendix:
TCFD ReportTCFD Recommendation Agilent Disclosures
Governance With our culture of innovation, Agilent is in a strong position to contribute important solutions to reducing greenhouse gas
emissions. As a company, we are committed to continued sustainable business operations, thoughtful social responsibility
initiatives and maintaining governance structures that promote effective oversight.
Oversight for ESG
Our Board, through its Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, oversees Agilent’s ESG program and its progress. The
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee formally reviews our ESG efforts, including our sustainability initiatives, within the
organization and reports to the Board on a regular basis.
Management
Management of our ESG program resides with our ESG Steering Committee, which is composed of the CEO and the Executive
staff. Activities are led by our ESG Working Group, which is made up of participants from across Agilent that are leading programs
supporting our ESG strategy, including our Sustainability Council, Design for Environment, Diversity and Inclusion, and Order
Fulfillment and Supply Chain sustainability groups. To ensure a coherent and strategic focus is given to ESG across Agilent, an
Agilent Executive from our Global Infrastructure Services (GIS) organization has responsibility for the program and reports directly
to the CEO on our progress.
Managing Climate Risks
The Board has the ultimate responsibility for, and is actively engaged in, oversight of the company’s risk management both directly
and through its committees. The full Board is kept abreast of risk oversight and other activities of its committees through reports
of the committee chairpersons to the full Board during Board meetings. Senior management may also provide risk assessment
reports directly to the Board on certain issues. The Audit and Finance Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing our
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program, which encompasses, among others, climate risks.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 108TCFD Recommendation Agilent Disclosures
Strategy The TCFD highlights two primary types of climate risks—physical and transition. Physical risks may include extreme weather events,
such as drought or flooding, and the longer-term impact of increasing average global mean temperatures. Transition risks, on the other
hand, may include the global transition to a low-carbon economy, new regulations, and innovations in energy efficiency.
We have identified climate-related risks and opportunities with potential impact to our business as described below:
PHYSICAL RISKS
Operations continuity
Risk Type: moderate
Description
S&P Global Sustainable1 analyzed the potential physical risks that may impact Agilent’s operations, considering different scenarios of
climate change by 2050:
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 109TCFD Recommendation Agilent Disclosures
Strategy (Continued)
Scenario RCP Description
High Climate Continuation of business as usual with emissions at current rates. This scenario is expected
8.5
Change Scenario to result in warming in excess of 4 degrees Celsius by 2100.
Moderate Climate Strong mitigation actions to reduce emissions to half of current levels by 2080. This scenario
4.5
Change Scenario is more likely than not to result in warming in excess of 2 degrees Celsius by 2100.
Low Climate Aggressive mitigation actions to halve emissions by 2050. This scenario is likely to result in
2.6
Change Scenario warming of less than 2 degrees Celsius by 2100.
Sustainable1 examined our physical risk exposure at the asset level, which includes our manufacturing sites, data center, and large
office sites. Overall, Agilent faces moderate physical risk with greatest exposure to water stress, coldwaves, and wildfires.
Mitigation Strategy
Agilent site management teams are engaging with stakeholders within senior leadership and subject matter experts in relevant
operational areas on next steps and mitigation plans which will be managed via our Enterprise Risk Management program.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 110TCFD Recommendation Agilent Disclosures
TRANSITION RISK
Policy Risk Exposure
Risk Type: Low to Moderate
Description
To significantly reduce GHG emissions and address climate change, carbon taxes, emissions trading schemes and fuel taxes are
expected to feature prominently in global policy action.
The S&P Global Sustainable1 risk model inputs includes S&P Global Trucost carbon price data and scenarios; Scope 1 and 2 GHG
emissions and location data by facility; Scope 3 emissions data per category; and Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG targets.
The source of Scope 1 and 2 emissions mainly consist of Agilent offices, data centers and manufacturing sites. Upstream Scope 3
emissions were also included and are chiefly made up of purchases from Agilent suppliers and transportation and distribution services.
The analysis concluded that the impact of carbon pricing on Agilent’s operating expenses are likely to be low to moderate. These risks
will be mitigated by Agilent’s net-zero commitment.
Mitigation Strategy
In 2021, we announced our commitment to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. To achieve these goals, we have also
committed to interim greenhouse gas reduction targets. By 2030, we will reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 50%, and Scope
3 emissions by at least 30% (with a stretch goal of 40%) from a base year of 2019 in alignment with Science Based Targets initiative
recommendations.
We will continue to invest in renewable energy and seek ways to reduce overall energy use. In 2021, we began developing a plan to
engage suppliers on emissions reduction.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 111TCFD Recommendation Agilent Disclosures
Market Risk Exposure
Risk Type: Low to Moderate
Time horizon: Short and medium term
Description
S&P Global Sustainable1 quantified the market risk exposure by calculating the earnings at risk of Agilent’s top 100 corporate suppliers.
As carbon prices increase globally to drive transition to a low-carbon economy, Agilent’s suppliers may be affected by increasing
emissions taxes over time.
Suppliers in the Chemicals sector followed by the Air Freight & Logistics sectors have the highest earnings at risk from carbon pricing.
Our highest expenditures are with air freight and logistics suppliers. Professional services are the second highest spend but the sector
has a lower carbon pricing risk relative to other sectors.
Mitigation
We are evaluating suppliers who are most at risk and will collaborate with our strategic suppliers on their risk mitigation plans.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 112TCFD Recommendation Agilent Disclosures
Risk Management The Agilent ERM (Enterprise Risk Management) program provides a framework for identifying material risks across the company,
determining ownership of the risk, supporting the creation and maintenance of business continuity plans where appropriate, ensuring
Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses,
the adequacy of plans across key business flows, ensuring appropriate testing and drills are performed and the availability of a central
and manages climate-related risks
repository for documentation.
If an incident occurs that results in a partial/full implementation of a business continuity plan, the program reviews the key learnings
and the effectiveness of the plan and ensures appropriate actions are taken.
The ERM program is managed within Agilent’s Global Infrastructure Services organization. Oversight is provided by the Executive Risk
Committee, comprised of the CEO staff, which meets twice per year to review progress, evaluate present and emerging risks, and
validate the program has identified the correct principal risk area to focus on.
Climate risk is identified as a key risk and is incorporated into our ERM program. This includes failure to meet stakeholder expectations.
The impacts of climate change are also reflected through other risks that we monitor within the program and for which we maintain
business continuity plans such as loss of key sites and supply chain disruptions.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 113TCFD Recommendation Agilent Disclosures
Metrics and Targets In 2021, we announced our commitment to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. To achieve these goals, we have also
committed to interim greenhouse gas reduction targets. By 2030, we will reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 50%, and Scope
3 emissions by at least 30% (with a stretch goal of 40%) from a base year of 2019.
In addition, we will continue to invest in renewable energy and focus on three areas where our carbon footprint is greatest: purchased
goods and services, sold products, and transportation and distribution. By 2024, our goal is to reduce water intensity by 20% from a
baseline year of 2014.
For more environmental metrics and targets, see our ESG report. View the Assurance Statement for this analysis from S&P Global
Sustainable1
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 114SASB Index
(Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board)Accounting Metric 2021 Disclosure Code
Ratio of weighted average rate of net price This metric is not relevant to our business, and we do not consider this information to be material. However, HC-MS-240a. 1
increases (for all products) to the annual increase Agilent meets all applicable laws, regulations and standards where we do business. Agilent engages with our
in the U.S (United States). Consumer Price Index stakeholders through consultation, surveys, ad-hoc feedback and reviews
Description of how price information for each Agilent provides transparent and accurate pricing to our customers electronically, by mail and through Agilent’s HC-MS-240a. 2
product is disclosed to customers or to their agents online ordering platforms.
Number of recalls issued; total units recalled Agilent has no medical device product recalls that were reported to the FDA (Food and Drug HC-MS-250a.1
Administration).
List of products listed in the FDA's MedWatch There are nine products listed in the FDA's MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products database: HC-MS-250a. 2
Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products • Herceptest for Automated Link Platforms
database • Flex Ihc Microscope Slides
• Artisan Acid-Fast Bacillus Stain Kit
• Flex Monoclonal Mo A Hu Cytoker, Clone Ae1/Ae3
• Pd-L1 Ihc 22c3 Pharmdx
• Envision Flex Hematoxylin (Link)
• Dako Omnis
• Artisan
• Autostainer
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 116Accounting Metric 2021 Disclosure Code
Number of fatalities related to products as reported There have been zero fatalities. HC-MS-250a. 3
in the FDA (Food and Drug Administration)
Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience
database
Number of FDA (Food and Drug Administration) There have been zero enforcement actions taken. HC-MS-250a. 4
enforcement actions taken in response to violations
of current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP),
by type
Total amount of monetary losses because of Agilent had no monetary losses in 2021 due to legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims. HC-MS-270a. 1
legal proceedings associated with false marketing
claims
Description of code of ethics governing promotion Agilent adheres to all applicable laws and regulations and industry standards, while maintaining the highest HC-MS-270a. 2
of off-label use of products. ethical standards of reporting on our marketing, sales and research and development operations, as required
by law. Agilent is committed to promoting our products responsibly and reporting about our business
practices in a manner that promotes transparency. To ensure our communication and marketing approaches
uphold the highest standards, Agilent has a robust mandatory, company-wide training on these standards of
communication and conduct.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 117Accounting Metric 2021 Disclosure Code
Discussion of process to assess and manage Agilent’s Environmental Policy is to act in an environmentally responsible manner regarding our operations, HC-MS-410a. 1
environmental and human health considerations products and services. Agilent employees and managers are expected to support the implementation of
associated with chemicals in products, and meet this policy in accordance with their roles and responsibilities in the organization. Of particular relevance to
demand for sustainable products product development are the following actions:
• Ensure our products and operations comply with relevant environmental legislation and regulations
• Responsibly manage the use of hazardous materials in our operations, products and services, and promote
recycling or reuse of our products.
The fundamentals of Agilent’s Design for the Environment (DfE) guidelines encourage Agilent employees
to think about the impact that a product has on both the environment and society. Therefore, they should
consider answering the following questions:
• What positive impacts does the product have on the environment?
• What are the negative impacts?
Many Agilent products include innovations that have enabled their reduced energy use, footprint, water
usage, use of hazardous materials, etc. and we are sponsors of not-for-profit organizations like My
Green Lab (https://www.mygreenlab.org/) to help us understand how we can continually improve the
environmental impact of our products and the sustainability of our laboratory customers worldwide.
Agilent complies with RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances) and REACH regulatory compliance
for all commercial products. For reagent based NPIs, we are using the ARCADIS form to document the
environmental and health considerations.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 118Accounting Metric 2021 Disclosure Code
Total amount of products accepted for take-back Agilent’s pre-owned instruments program enables customers to sell, trade-in or recycle previously used HC-MS-410a. 2
and reused, recycled, or donated, broken down by: instruments. Agilent’s pre-owned instruments offer exceptional value to customers, come with a one-
(1) devices and equipment and (2) supplies year factory warranty (the same warranty as new instruments) and pass a comprehensive operational
qualification and performance verification to ensure risk free performance. Agilent also donates
instruments that we are no longer using to not-for-profits. Agilent does not disclose the requested product
numbers.
Percentage of (1) entity's facilities and (2) Tier I 1. All medical device facilities at Agilent under ISO 13485 are subject to annual audits by Notified Bodies. HC-MS-430a. 1
suppliers' facilities participating in third-party audit Non-medical facilities operating under ISO 9001 are audited a minimum of once every three years by
programs for manufacturing and product quality Registrars.
2. Agilent does not currently report the percentage of Tier 1 supplier facilities participating in third-party
audit programs for manufacturing or product quality. Agilent requests ISO certificates from suppliers at
the point of supplier on-boarding.
Description of efforts to maintain traceability within Agilent maintains traceability though all stages of manufacturing through distribution using our ERP HC-MS-430a. 2
the distribution chain (Enterprise Resource Planning) system. Traceability is maintained based on part number, serial number and
/ or lot number.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 119Accounting Metric 2021 Disclosure Code
Description of the management of risks associated Agilent monitors risk through a number of different processes. This includes but is not limited to: HC-MS-430a. 3
with the use of critical materials
• Dangerous Goods are stored, transported, and disposed of based upon the applicable Transportation and EHS
(Environmental Health and Safety) regulations.
• Agilent has a Conflict Minerals Position Statement and abides by all requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act,
including filing required SEC report.
• Suppliers identified through risk assessment processes are monitored and business continuity plans are in
place and reviewed annually. Agilent has a Supplier Code of Conduct.
• For critical parts, Agilent follows additional risk processes and tracks and monitors suppliers.
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal Agilent had no monetary losses in 2021 due to legal proceedings associated with corruption and bribery. HC-BP-510a. 1
proceedings associated with corruption and bribery
Description of code of ethics governing interactions Agilent is committed to the highest standards of business ethics and recognizes that our actions can have a HC-BP-510a. 2
with health care professionals direct impact on patient health. Through our products, we strive to improve patient health around the world
while ensuring that our interactions with healthcare professionals remain ethical, fair and honest The Agilent
Global Healthcare Compliance Policy governs interactions with healthcare professionals by Agilent around the
world, including marketing, medical, sales, and research and development operations. Our Global Healthcare
Compliance Policy incorporates common legal and ethical standards from many of Agilent's major markets,
including the U.S (United States). (AdvaMed Code) and international (MedTech Europe Code, Japan
Federation of Medical Devices Associations) and applies them to our operations around the world. See Good
Governance in this CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) report for more information on our approach.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 120Activity Metric 2021 Disclosure Code
Number of units sold by product category Agilent does not disclose the number of units sold by product category. HC-MS-000.A
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 121Appendix:
GRI IndexGRI 102: General Disclosures
Organizational Profile
Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
2-1207-2 Organization details Agilent Technologies Inc. is a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets,
providing application focused solutions that include instruments, software, services and consumables
for the entire laboratory workflow. Agilent Technologies is a publicly traded company, listed on the New
York Stock Exchange and our ticker symbol is A, with headquarters at 5301 Stevens Creek Blvd., Santa
Clara, CA 95051.
Agilent serves customers in 110 countries. Our primary research and development and manufacturing
sites are in California, Colorado, Delaware, Massachusetts, Texas, Vermont and Washington in the U.S.
and in Australia, China, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and the United Kingdom.
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s All Agilent legal entities
sustainability reporting
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact We have published a CSR report every year since our founding as an independent company since 1999. In
point FY21, we transition to an ESG reporting framework. This report covers the fiscal year ending October 31, 2021.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 123Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
2-4 Restatements of information We have not made any material restatements from the prior year.
2-5 External assurance See External Assurance
2-6 Activities, value chain and other See 10-K, pg. 3
business relationships
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 124Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
2-7 Employees See table below
Organizational Profile
Geographic Scope Grouping Female Male Other Not Disclosed Total
Americas Number of employees (headcount): 2571 3852 2 4 6429
Americas # of permanent employees (headcount): 2571 3852 2 4 6429
Americas # of non-guaranteed hours employees (headcount): 0 0 0 0 0
Americas # of full-time employees (headcount): 2548 3841 2 4 6395
Americas # of part-time employees (headcount): 23 11 0 0 34
Asia Pacific Number of employees (headcount): 2418 4012 0 1 6431
Asia Pacific # of permanent employees (headcount): 2418 4012 0 1 6431
Asia Pacific # of non-guaranteed hours employees (headcount): 0 0 0 0 0
Asia Pacific # of full-time employees (headcount): 2407 4009 0 1 6417
Asia Pacific # of part-time employees (headcount): 11 3 0 0 14
Europe Number of employees (headcount): 1513 2651 1 3 4168
Europe # of permanent employees (headcount): 1513 2651 1 3 4168
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 125Organizational Profile (Continued)
Geographic Scope Grouping Female Male Other Not Disclosed Total
Europe # of non-guaranteed hours employees (headcount): 0 0 0 0 0
Europe # of full-time employees (headcount): 1279 2574 1 3 3857
Europe # of part-time employees (headcount): 234 77 0 0 311
Global totals Number of employees (headcount): 6502 10515 3 8 17028
Global totals # of permanent employees (headcount): 6502 10515 3 8 17028
Global totals # of non-guaranteed hours employees (headcount): 0 0 0 0 0
Global totals # of full-time employees (headcount): 6234 10424 3 8 16669
Global totals # of part-time employees (headcount): 268 91 0 0 359
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 126Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
2-8 Workers who are not employees 2021: 6,652
2020: 6,077
The increase in NAW (non-Agilent employees) is due to impacts of COVID-19 on regular and contingent
worker volumes and strong business demand.
2-9 Governance structure and See Proxy Statement
composition
2-10 Nomination and selection of the See Proxy Statement, pgs. 16-17
highest governance body
2-11 Chair of the highest governance See Proxy Statement, pg. 10
body The chair of the highest governance body is not a senior executive.
2-12 Role of the highest governance body See Proxy Statement, pgs. 14-15
in overseeing the management of
impacts
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 127Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for See Governance and Managing Environmental Sustainability
managing impacts
2-14 Role of the highest governance body See External Assurance
in sustainability reporting
2-15 Conflicts of interest See Proxy Statement, pgs. 19-20
2-16 Communication of critical concerns No critical concerns arose during the reporting period. See Ethics and Compliance
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest None other than as reported under GRI 2-12.
governance body
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the There is an annual Board self-assessment process, including peer evaluations. The chairperson of the
highest governance body Board, along with the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, leads the annual self-assessment
process by the Board and each standing committee of the Board, including periodic performance reviews
of individual directors.
We do not use a third-party to evaluate current Board members.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 128Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
2-19 Remuneration policies Refer to the CD&A and Executive Compensation sections of the Proxy Statement
2-20 Process to determine remuneration For the process for designing remuneration policies and determining remuneration, please refer to the
CD&A and Executive Compensation sections of the Proxy Statement.
Executive compensation for FY2021 was approved by the shareholders at the annual meeting.
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio
Annual total compensation ratio 193:1
Change in the annual total compensation ratio 53%
2-22 Statement on sustainable See the Introduction including the CEO Letter
development strategy
2-23 Policy commitments See Governance, See Supply Chain Policies and Code of Business Conduct
2-24 Embedding policy commitments See Governance, See Supply Chain Policies and Code of Business Conduct
2-25 Processes to remediate negative See Enterprise Risk Management, and Ethics and Compliance
impacts
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 129Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and See Enterprise Risk Management, and Ethics and Compliance
raising concerns
2-27 Compliance with laws and Agilent had no significant instances of non-compliance during the period.
regulations
Serious non-compliance instances would be those matters that are deemed by a court or other means to
be a violation of law or regulation, or those instances that, upon internal detection by the company, would
require and result in the voluntary disclosure of the matter to a law enforcement agency.
2-28 Membership associations American Society for Quality, American Chamber of Commerce, India Engineering Biology Research
Consortium, Open Platform Communications Foundation, Ignited, National Association for EHS&S
Management, Center for Bioanalytic Metrology, Society of Vacuum Coaters, Cold Spring Harbor
Laboratories Meetings and Courses Program, Government-University-Industry Research Roundtable,
CASME, National Institute for Innovation in Manufacturing Biopharmaceuticals, Society of Women
Engineers, American Physical Society, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Merced
Nanomaterials Center for Energy and Sensing (MACES), American National Standards Institute, MedTech
Europe, International Genetically Engineered Machine (iGEM) Foundation, Society for Laboratory
Automation and Screening, National Minority Supplier Development Council, AOAC International, SystemX
Alliance, CEO Action, UC Berkeley Engineering Advisory Board, techUK, Women’s Business Enterprise
National Council, National Academy of Engineering, Stanford Interdisciplinary Life Sciences Council,
Stanford Department of Bioengineering External Review Committee, American Institute for Medical and
Biological Engineering.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 130Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement See Stakeholder Engagement
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements See table below
2-30a 2-30b Other
Employees not covered by collective bargaining agreements but Agilent determines their working conditions
Total employees covered by collective
and terms of employment based on collective bargaining agreements that cover its other employees or
bargaining agreements:
based on collective bargaining agreements from other organizations.
Report for employees not covered by collective bargaining agreements:
There may be instances where collective bargaining agreements cover some or none of the organization’s
employees. However, the working conditions and terms of employment of these employees may be
influenced or determined by the organization based on other collective bargaining agreements, such as
agreements that cover other employees or agreements from other organizations. If this is the case, the
organization is required to report it under 2-30-b. If this is not the case, and the working conditions and terms
of employment of these employees are not influenced or determined based on other collective bargaining
agreements, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient to comply with this requirement.
Australia: all monthly paid Australian and NZ employees not covered by CBA are covered by individual
AP: 385 employees covered by CBA
agreements. Standard terms and conditions and benefits apply to all monthly employees. Australia has
Australia: 24
minimum standards set by Fair Work Australia and the Award system - Agilent ensure we exceed these
Japan: 361
conditions and provide a package of benefits to support employees.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 131Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
(Table continued from previous page)
2-30a 2-30b Other
Europe: 1630 Employees In Finland, Agilent employees are not formally covered by a collective bargaining agreement, however their 1515 employees in Germany and
Austria = ALL (23) terms and conditions of employment including salary increases are set by reference to the country CBA NL (not covered by CBA) have terms
Belgium = ALL (127) "Collective Agreement for Senior Salaried Employees in Technology Industries 2017 - 2020 {Fin}" (i.e., it is and conditions of employment set by
Denmark = SOME (244) informally followed). This affects all 26 employees in Finland (0.1% of Agilent's global employee population) reference to internal Works Council
France = ALL (276) All Agilent employees also have terms and conditions of employment set according to detailed local Agreements (binding). This represents
Italy = ALL (430) benchmarking and best practices. 8.6% of Agilent's global employee
Spain = ALL (530) population.
Americas - 225 employees In Brazil, there is an agreement between employer and employee union, that describes all benefits that will be
Brazil = ALL (225) offered to employees with the standard of the local country requirements. These benefits are beyond what is
mandatory. Legal increases are announced through this document.
12.8% of the total Agilent employee
population is covered by CBA.
[Note: based on 2,240 out of a total HC
of 17,544 @ 31 Oct 2021]
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 132Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
3-1 Process to determine material topics See Materiality Assessment
3-2 List of material topics See Materiality Assessment
3-3 Management of material topics Management of each material topic is addressed within relevant sections of the ESG report, including
Materiality Assessment, Human Capital Management, Governance, and Managing Environmental
Sustainability.
GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016
201-1 Direct economic value generated See Financial Section of 10-K
and distributed
201-2 Financial implications and other See TCFD Report
risks and opportunities due to
climate change
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and Percentage of salary contributed by employee and employer vary by country. Separate funds exist in
other retirement plans some countries to pay the plan's pension liabilities. See more in 10-K.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 133Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
201-4 Financial assistance received from We have a tax incentive in Singapore which decreased income taxes by $35 million in 2021.
government
Data provided for tax credits and benefits is limited to information included in Agilent’s 10-K. All other
information is not publicly disclosed.
GRI 202: Market Presence 2016
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by The significant location of operations used for the ratio of employee entry level wage to local minimum
gender compared to local minimum wages is U.S.
wage See table below.
Ratio of employee entry level wages to the minimum wage
2021
at significant locations of operations
Gender or Total Ratio of entry level wage
Significant location of operations Local minimum wage Minimum wage used
Workforce to minimum wage
U.S. Variable Total Workforce $7.25 2.21:1
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 134Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
202-2 Proportion of senior management Definition of 'senior management': Associate VP and above
hired from the local community
Geographical definition of ‘local’: Within 50 miles of office location
Definition used for ‘significant locations of operation': More than 100 employees based at the site
2021 2020 2019 2018
Percentage of senior management at significant locations
hired from the local community over total population of senior 99% 98% 97% 99%
management
Percentage of senior management at significant locations hired
from the local community over total senior management hired 86% 85% 75% 85%
that year
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 135Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016
203-1 Infrastructure investments and Agilent has an active program to maintain and preserve our existing assets in addition to investment
services supported in new capabilities such as enhanced IT tools, expanded manufacturing capacity, upgrade of
infrastructure to improve performance, in addition to specific funds targeted at sustainability projects.
Agilent’s strategic planning process identifies and prioritizes such investments.
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts See Community
GRI 204: Procurement Practices 2016
204-1 Proportion of spending on local See Supplier Diversity
suppliers
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 136Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related Third parties have been identified as posing a significant risk related to corruption, particularly those
to corruption interacting with government officials in countries with a high corruption perception index score.
2021
Total number of business units analyzed for risks related to corruption 3
Percentage of business units analyzed for risks related to corruption 100%
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 137Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
205-2 Communication and training Agilent communicates its anti-corruption policies in various forms including publicly on its website
about anti-corruption policies and posting the Agilent Standards of Business Conduct (SBC), and in more detailed policies and
procedures procedures to employees and contractors, third-party partners, and suppliers.
See table below on the left.
All employees have been trained on anti-corruption through the Agilent Standards of Business
Conduct (SBC) training or the Agilent Anti-Corruption training. 337 employees had the training in their
assignments for FY2021, and of those 337, 100 percent of employees completed the assignment.
See table below on the right.
2021 2021
Communication on anti-corruption policies Training on anti-corruption Total Percentage
Total Percentage
and procedures
Governance body members 0 0
Governance body members 11 100%
Employees 337 100%
Employees 17,028 100%
Business partners 17,210 100%
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 138Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and
2021
actions taken
Total number of confirmed incidents of
0 Percentage
corruption
Total number of confirmed incidents in which 1 0
employees were dismissed or disciplined for
corruption
Total number of confirmed incidents when 4 100%
contracts with business partners were not
renewed due to violations related to corruption
For the nature of confirmed incidents of corruption, a former employee was found to have civil
corruption charges. Through proper investigation, Agilent confirmed a case of corruption prior to
FY21; employee dismissal was confirmed in FY21.
Agilent has zero public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organization or its
employees during the reporting period.
Agilent has a formal process for investigating and addressing allegations of corruption should they
occur.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 139Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 206: Anti-competitive Behavior 2016
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive Agilent policies forbid anti-competitive behavior, antitrust, and monopolistic practices. In the current
behavior, anti-trust, and reporting period, there were no legal actions for antitrust or anti-competitive behavior.
monopoly practices
GRI 207: Tax 2019
207-1 Approach to tax Agilent tax strategy's formal reviewer/approver is Vice President, Head of Tax. A quarterly review
is conducted.
207-2 Tax governance, control, and risk Audit and Finance Committee is accountable for compliance with the tax strategy.
management
Agilent complies with tax requirements in every jurisdiction where we operate. Our tax professionals
worldwide are committed to the highest compliance standards and are well versed in relevant tax laws and
regulations. Agilent maintains robust internal policies and procedures supporting its tax control framework.
207-3 Stakeholder engagement and Agilent operates with consistently high accounting, tax filing, and tax reporting standards. We value
management of concerns related transparency and cooperation with tax authorities and are committed to engaging with the tax authorities
to tax in all countries in which we operate with integrity. We collaborate with tax authorities to attempt to resolve
any issues that may arise in a timely manner through appropriate methods of dispute resolution. We seek
to be a valued partner to governments and advocate for tax legislation that provides clarity and encourages
innovation and growth. The broad tax topics are discussed with the Audit and Finance Committee.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 140Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
207-4 Country-by-country reporting Agilent reports financial, economic, and tax-related information at the enterprise level in the annual
report and 10-K. Agilent does not publicly report financial information for local tax jurisdictions.
GRI 301: Materials 2016
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume No data available
301-2 Recycled input materials used 48% recycled input materials were used in FY21. Data is for Certified Preowned Products only
301-3 Reclaimed products and their No data available
packaging materials
GRI 302: Energy 2016
302-1 Energy consumption within the See Energy Management
organization
302-2 Energy consumption outside of the See Energy Management
organization
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 141Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
302-3 Energy intensity See Energy Management
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption See Energy Management
302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services See Energy Management
GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource See Water & Wastewater
303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts See Management of Water Discharge-Related Impacts
303-3 Water withdrawal See Water Withdrawal
303-4 Water discharge See Water Discharge
303-5 Water consumption See Water Consumption
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 142Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 304: Biodiversity 2016
304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, Agilent does not have any sites or locations in biodiverse or protected areas.
protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside
protected areas
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on Agilent does not have any sites or locations in biodiverse or protected areas.
biodiversity
304-3 Habitats protected or restored Agilent does not have any sites or locations in biodiverse or protected areas.
304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species Agilent does not have any sites or locations in biodiverse or protected areas.
with habitats in areas affected by operations
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 143Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions See GHG Emissions Management
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions See Scope 2 GHG Emissions
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions See Scope 3 Emissions
305-4 GHG emissions intensity See GHG Emissions Intensity
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions See Reduction of GHG Emissions
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) Agilent does not use, produce, import or export Ozone Depleting Substances
(ODS) prohibited under the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the
Ozone Layer. Agilent uses very small amounts in the formulation of analytical
standards which are largely used as references by analytical labs in the pursuit
of their detection in the environment.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 144Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides Nitrogen Oxides (NOx), Sulfur Oxides (SOx), and Other Significant Air Emissions GRI 305-7 [ID# 2943]
(SOx), and other significant air
emissions
Emissions Types (specify units for
2021 2020 2019 2018
each)
NOx emissions (Metric Tonnes) 1861 1329 1260 1010
Data coverage (as % of denominator): 100% 100% 100% 100%
NOx intensity. Factored against base
0.00043575 0.000333 0.000330 0.000265
figure (Operational Sq Ft)
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 145Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 306: Waste 2020
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts See Waste
306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts See Waste
306-3 Waste generated See Waste
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal See Waste
306-5 Waste directed to disposal See Waste
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental See Selecting and Onboarding New Suppliers
criteria
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and See Supply Chain
actions taken
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 146Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 401: Employment 2016
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover See tables below and on next page
Global New Hires from Nov 1, 2020 - Oct 31, 2021
# Female Rate of Female # Male Rate of Male Total #
# Female # of Male Total # Rate of Total
Grouping Employees on Hires/ Total Employees on Hires/Total Employees on
Hires Hires Hires Hires
Oct. 31, 2021 Female Oct. 31, 2021 Male Oct. 31, 2021
All age groups 1037 6504 15.9% 1490 10514 14.2% 2527 17018 14.8%
Under 30 years old 336 804 41.8% 395 1040 38.0% 731 1844 39.6%
Between 30 and 50 564 4238 13.3% 858 6674 12.9% 1422 10912 13.0%
years old
Over 50 years old 137 1462 9.4% 237 2800 8.5% 374 4262 8.8%
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 147Global Terminations from Nov 1, 2020 - Oct 31, 2021
# Male
# Female Rate of Female Rate of Male Total #
# Female # of Male Employees Total # of Rate of Total
Grouping Employees on Termination/ Terminations/ Employees on
Terminations Terminations on Oct. 31, Terminations Terminations
Oct. 31, 2021 Total Female Total Male Oct. 31, 2021
2021
All age groups 540 6504 8.3% 791 10514 7.5% 1331 17018 7.8%
Under 30 years old 126 804 15.7% 128 1040 12.3% 254 1844 13.8%
Between 30 and 50 295 4238 7.0% 454 6674 6.8% 749 10912 6.9%
years old
Over 50 years old 119 1462 8.1% 209 2800 7.5% 328 4262 7.7%
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 148Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
401-2 Benefits provided to full- Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees, by significant locations
time employees that are not of operations: Insurance: Life, Accident, Healthcare Employee, Healthcare Family, Healthcare Domestic Partner, Dental, Vision,
provided to temporary or AD&D, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, Disability/invalidity; Education Benefits: Employee, Family; Mortgages and
part-time employees loans; Pension plans/retirement provision; Maternity and/or paternity leave; Child care; Job security initiatives for redeployment,
including retraining, relocation, work-sharing and outplacement services; Flexible work schemes and work-sharing; Recall rights
for laid-off employees; Stock ownership; Vacation; Paid sick days; PTO (including any of the following: unspecified, vacation and/
or sick days); Employee Assistance Program; Sabbatical Program; Relocation Assistance; Work/Life Support Program; Wellness/
Fitness Program; Onsite Fitness Facilities; Onsite Recreation Facilities; Stock Options; Stock Purchase Plan; Employee Profit
Sharing; Retirement: Defined Benefit Plan (including pension plans); Childcare: Other; Bereavement Leave; Tuition reimbursement
(other than career training); Gym facilities or gym fee reimbursement programs; Higher education scholarship programs,
for either employees or their relatives; Preventative healthcare programs; Flex scheduling; Telecommuting options; Public
transportation subsidy; Carpooling support programs; Employee recognition programs; Paid time off for employee volunteers;
Workforce training, skills, and leadership development programs; Matching gift program; Mentoring Program
401-3 Parental leave Agilent’s U.S. parental leave policy covers all 6,172 U.S. employees and provides three weeks of Parental Pay (full pay) to both
new mothers and fathers following the birth or adoption of their child. We also provide additional leave benefits to birthing
mothers. We meet or exceed local requirements for parental leave.
GRI 402: Labor/Management Relations 2016
402-1 Minimum notice periods Notice periods vary by country in accordance with local employment regulations.
regarding operational
changes
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 149Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system See Occupational Health & Safety Management System
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident See Occupational Health & Safety
investigation
403-3 Occupational health services See Occupational Health & Safety
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on See Occupational Health & Safety
occupational health and safety
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety See Occupational Health & Safety
403-6 Promotion of worker health See Occupational Health & Safety
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety See Supply Chain
impacts directly linked by business relationships
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 150Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety See Occupational Health & Safety
management system
403-9 Work-related injuries See Occupational Health & Safety
403-10 Work-related ill health Agilent does not have workers with high incidence or high risk of work-related
disease.
Agilent provides a number of programs and educational opportunities aimed
at managing serious diseases and medical situations for employees as well as
family and community members. Agilent EHS standards maintain employee
exposure levels for harmful agents in the workplace well below regulatory
requirements. Agilent provides training to employees as a precautionary
measure to prevent blood borne diseases. Agilent Workplace Services has both
Emergency Action and Disaster Recovery Plans that address serious medical
events or disease outbreaks (e.g., pandemic events).
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 151Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees See Governance section for diversity of Board of Directors
Total number of employees (management and non-management): 17028
Total number of management: 2597
See 2021 EEO1 report
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 152Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
See Governance section for diversity of Board of Directors
Total number of employees (management and non-management): 17028
Total number of management: 2597
Male Female
Employees by
Global Global
job category (per Global % Global %
number number
company breakout)
Total 10526 62 6502 38
Managers 1770 68 832 32
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men See Gender Pay Equity Metrics
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 153Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 406: Non-discrimination 2016
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken See Our Standards of Business Conduct under Concerns and Questions. We
reported 21 incidents of discrimination. Agilent reviewed every incident reported
and took appropriate action.
GRI 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of Agilent respects the rights of employees to organize in labor unions in
association and collective bargaining may be at risk accordance with local laws and established practice, if desired. There are no
Agilent operations or geographic locations where worker’s rights are at risk.
GRI 408: Child Labor 2016
408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of Agilent is unaware of any operations or suppliers identified as having significant
child labor risk for incidents of child labor.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 154Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of Procurement professionals are required to take additional online training on
forced or compulsory labor environmental, health, safety and social responsibility. New training has also
been added on eliminating forced labor, slavery and human trafficking from the
global supply chain. Agilent’s purchase order agreements include human rights
clauses and require that suppliers comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct.
Agilent is unaware of any operations or suppliers identified as having significant
risk for incidents of child labor. There are new laws regarding eliminating slavery
and forced labor in our supply chains each year. Agilent is continuing to monitor
these laws and update its requirements to match. Additional evaluations and
audits are being added to make sure we meet the requirements.
GRI 410: Security Practices 2016
410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies Agilent outsources the physical security of our facilities to a global industry
or procedures leading security provider who maintain their own training and ethics programs
for their employees.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 155Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 411: Rights of Indigenous Peoples 2016
411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples Agilent identified no incidents of violations of the rights of indigenous peoples.
GRI 413: Local Communities 2016
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact We follow all local laws regarding environmental and social impact
assessments, and development programs assessments.
413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative Agilent has not identified any negative impact on local communities caused by
impacts on local communities Agilent operations.
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria In FY21, Agilent updated its compliance assessment questionnaire to include
social criteria questions. Agilent did not track the percentage of new suppliers
that were sent the updated questionnaire. In FY22, Agilent will measure new
suppliers screened for social criteria.
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and See Supply Chain
actions taken
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 156Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 415: Public Policy 2016
415-1 Political contributions Agilent may contribute to dialogue and decision-making on public policies
affecting the company, our employees and operations but we do not use
corporate funds for U.S. political contributions.
See Our Standards of Business Conduct
GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and Agilent’s quality and environmental policies mandate we provide products and
service categories services that meet legal and regulatory requirements, including applicable
environmental, health and safety standards. Agilent is committed to a
continuous improvement of the environmental aspects and impacts of our
products as demonstrated by Agilent’s ISO 14001 certificate, which is regularly
audited by an external party.
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and Agilent did not receive any regulatory non-compliance notices for the reporting
safety impacts of products and services period.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 157Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
417-1 Requirements for product and service Annually Agilent communicates materials specifications through the "General Specifications for Environment"
information and labeling to its suppliers to inform them of banned chemicals/materials that should not be included in material/parts/
products bought by Agilent to ensure compliance with global regulations and minimize the environmental
impact of its products and operations. Agilent also prepares Material Safety Data Sheets for Agilent and
third-party-provided chemicals for safe use. Agilent and OEM products and battery labels include a waste
container symbol for help in proper disposal.
Agilent aims to minimize the environmental impact of its products and operations. Reuse programs are
offered for selected Agilent products, which address the European WEEE (Waste from Electrical & Electronic
Equipment) Directive requirements. Agilent customers located in an EU or EEA member states can participate
in local take-back recycling programs that meet your country's WEEE Directive requirements.
417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning Agilent had no incidents of non-compliance regarding products or non-compliance issues regarding labeling
product and service information and resulting in a fine, penalty, or warning. In addition, Agilent did not have any non-compliance incidents for
labeling product-related claims during the reporting period.
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning Agilent had no incidents of marketing non-compliance during the reporting period.
marketing communications
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 158Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Response
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning Agilent is unaware of any complaints regarding breaches of customer privacy or loss of data in the period.
breaches of customer privacy and losses Agilent’s Global Data Protection & Privacy program includes data breach management policies and
of customer data procedures to address the handling of breaches that involve unauthorized or unintended loss, change or
transmission of personal data. These policies and procedures are scalable to respond to the rapidly changing
regulatory environment across the globe.
CEO Letter About Agilent Environment Social Governance Appendices 159See Agilent’s annual environmental data assurance
statement for the FY2021 ESG report at
https://www.agilent.com/about/esg/assets/
agilent-assurance-statement-2022.pdf
Learn more:
https://www.agilent.com/about/companyinfo/
sustainability/
U.S. and Canada
1-800-227-9770
agilent_inquiries@agilent.com
Europe
info_agilent@agilent.com
Asia Pacific
inquiry_lsca@agilent.com
This information is subject to change without notice.
© Agilent Technologies, Inc. 2022
Published in the USA, Month 07, 2022