Delivering on
our Promises
2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report
1Table of contents
Letter from the President 5 Stakeholder engagement 34 Our environment 75
Energy 75
About Agilent Technologies 8
Stories from COVID-19 38
Water and effluents 80
Building relationships: Ayana Takeyama
Mission, promise, core values 10 Emissions 82
Our One Agilent culture 11 Effluents and waste 86
Sustainability highlights 40
Environmental compliance 88
Our Sustainability statement 13
Business highlights 41
Sustainability guiding principles 13 Stories from COVID-19 90
Agilent CTO expands STEM education
Specific Agilent actions 13 Recognition and awards 44
research: Darlene Solomon
Agilent during COVID-19 15
Stories from COVID-19 46 Customer health and safety 93
Joy in listening: Shok Chan Phuah
Our approach to COVID-19 15
Assessment of impacts of product
and service categories 93
Sustainable innovations 48
Stories from COVID-19 18
Marketing and labeling 93
14 employees caught between 2 COVID-19
Project air to ocean 48
lockdowns: Singapore and Malaysia Customer privacy 94
Contract management improves 51
Business operations 22 Sustainable transportation in Denmark 52 The One Agilent experience 96
Reducing paperwork in shipping 54
Diversity & inclusion 96
Product environmental management 22
Strengthening supplier diversity, sustainability 55
Diversity & equal opportunity 104
Materials declaration requirements 22
Employment & benefits 108
Information security approach 22
Stories from COVID-19 56
Occupational health and safety 111
Business growth 23 From hobbyist to 3D-printing hero:
Tiong Seng Pung
Supply chain 24 Stories from COVID-19 115
Learning about fatherhood: Jinho Kang
Our markets 59
Materiality assessments and
Our communities and our giving 116
the UN Sustainable Development Goals 26 Good governance 60
Community engagement 116
ESG responsibilities 26 Anti-corruption 61
Our giving 118
Agilent and the UN Sustainable Anti-competitive behavior 62
Development Goals 29 Research awards 121
Economic performance 63
Indirect economic impacts 66
External assurance 122
Stories from COVID-19 30
Superior customer service in spite of
Stories from COVID-19 72
COVID-19: A One Agilent Effort About this report 123
Joining Agilent during a pandemic:
Julie Morley
Key policies 32 SASB index 124
Operations policies 32
GRI content index 128
People policies 33
2 3Letter from the
President
Some 21 years ago, Agilent opened its
doors with a bold vision.
We soon published our first Environment and Social
Responsibility report, explaining that, “To build a
successful company for the long term, we need to
address the challenge of sustainable development.”
We declared our priorities in our policies. We committed
to providing, “… products and services that are
environmentally sound throughout their lifecycles
and conduct(ing) our operations worldwide in an
environmentally responsible manner.”
We also promised to “Honor our obligations to society by
being an economic, intellectual and social asset to each
nation and community in which we operate.”
Fast forward to 2020, Agilent’s 20th anniversary as
an independent company and this report, our 21st
annual publication. Our commitment to progress on
environmental, social responsibility and governance
issues hasn’t changed; it has only deepened.
2020 was a year that defied expectations. A year
when so much we took for granted in our daily lives
changed dramatically.
We were shocked by the rapid onslaught of COVID-19,
saddened by the isolation and loss of lives, horrified and
hurt when long-simmering racial injustice erupted into civil
unrest, and worried as the global climate crisis loomed
larger than ever.
Through it all, our commitment to our mission – to
advance the quality of life – remained strong. We
maintained our focus and continued to work together
4
4 5Letter from the President
as One Agilent. Progress was painful at times, but there
was good news, too.
Our products, our expertise and our donations have surely
contributed to stemming the tide of COVID-19.
We promised employees there would be no job losses or
salary cuts due to COVID-19 and we kept our word.
We also promised employee safety would be our top
priority, so we quickly and safely transitioned more than
13,000 employees to working remotely. Those who worked
on-site or in the field were well-equipped with protective
gear and trained to minimize risks.
I am incredibly proud of our employees, whose sacrifices
We conducted a series of employee focus groups to and hard work delivered these results in the most difficult
gain insights about the Black experience at Agilent, circumstances many of us have ever experienced.
increased mandatory training, and hired an associate
I am also thankful for you, our stakeholders, who continue
vice president of Diversity and Inclusion. Additionally,
to support, challenge and inspire us on this ESG journey to
employee volunteers launched CoBE, our Council of
advance the quality of life.
Black Employees network group.
Together, we are stronger and better. And that’s another
We maintained an uninterrupted inventory, delivering
promise we will keep.
products and installing equipment to meet customer
needs. We provided outstanding customer service,
sometimes in amazingly creative ways.
And we increased our focus on environmental, social and
governance (ESG) objectives, increasing transparency
by adding Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
Mike McMullen
(SASB) data. We elevated and expanded the role of the President and Chief Executive Officer
ESG function, which reports directly to me as CEO. We Agilent Technologies, Inc.
are building a more detailed report for 2021, when we will
transition from our traditional CSR approach to a more
comprehensive ESG report.
By the end of 2020, we had grown our business, delivered
on our promises and made substantial progress toward
critical ESG goals.
6 7About Agilent
Technologies
Agilent (NYSE: A) is a global leader in For the fiscal year ended Oct. 31, 2020, Agilent generated
revenues of $5.3 billion with its three business groups: Life
life sciences, diagnostics and analytical
Sciences and Applied Markets, Diagnostics and Genomics,
laboratory technologies, recognized
and Agilent CrossLab.
for uncompromising integrity in all
• Life Sciences and Applied Markets provides
we do. Whether we are working with
application-focused solutions that include instruments
our customers to keep food supplies and software that enable customers to identify, quantify
safe, improve the quality of air, water and analyze the physical and biological properties of
substances and products, as well as enable customers
and soil, or fight cancer with more
in the clinical and life sciences research areas to
precise diagnoses and targeted
interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level.
treatments, Agilent’s approximately
• Diagnostics and Genomics is composed of six areas
16,400 employees, serving customers providing active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs)
in 110 countries, share a passion and for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions
that include reagents, instruments, software and
commitment to solve our customers’
consumables which enable customers in the clinical
most ambitious scientific challenges,
and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples
increase their laboratories’ performance, at the cellular and molecular level.
and advance the quality of life. • Agilent CrossLab spans the entire lab with its extensive
consumables and services portfolio, which is designed
Leveraging more than 50 years of laboratory, clinical, to improve customer outcomes.
and enterprise level expertise and innovation, we
In addition, we provide centralized order fulfillment and
produce advanced instruments, software and
supply chain operations resources for manufacturing,
consumables, supported by teams of highly skilled
engineering and strategic sourcing to our respective
and knowledgeable people.
businesses. The Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain
organization (OFS), together with Agilent Technologies
Research Laboratories, is supported by our global
infrastructure organization, which provides shared services
in the areas of finance, information technology, legal,
certain procurement services, workplace services and
human resources.
8 9
8 9About Agilent Technologies
Our One Agilent Culture
Our Mission Our Core Values
• Innovation and contribution.
To deliver trusted
We differentiate our contribution in
We are a community
answers and insights the eyes of our customers. We invent
and discover solutions and seek new We are inclusive as we lead, win and grow as one company.
that advance the
ideas to help our customers.
We are diverse, passionate and driven to provide trusted answers.
quality of life.
• Trust, respect and teamwork.
We embrace flexibility to balance work demand with personal life.
We treat all individuals with respect.
We create a diverse and inclusive
environment built on respect for each
We work collaboratively
person's ideas and contributions.
Our Promise
We value the power of a global,
We focus intensely on our customers to deliver differentiated outcomes.
diverse workforce.
To deliver trusted
We lead in innovation and simplify continuously in all we do.
• Uncompromising integrity.
answers to our
We never compromise integrity in We act like owners with positive urgency.
customers’ critical any relationships with customers,
competitors, suppliers or employees.
questions and
We adhere to the highest standards of
We develop continuously
challenges – helping
business ethics and regularly provide
them achieve updated training for all employees. We openly recognize and learn from our wins and mistakes.
• Speed. We anticipate and respond
superior outcomes We welcome feedback and adapt, always developing ourselves and others.
to customer and business needs
in their laboratories, We celebrate our achievements and share in the company’s success.
with a sense of urgency. We act
clinics, organizations decisively to make rapid course
corrections if needed.
and the world they
• Focus. We make tough trade-offs.
seek to improve.
We prioritize and simplify to
understand what’s really important.
We focus on anticipating and
satisfying customer needs.
• Accountability. We do what we
say we'll do. We make straightforward
commitments and follow through
on them.
11
10 11Delivering on our Promises
Our Sustainability
statement
We strive to consistently improve our Specific Agilent actions
sustainability in our operations, and • Develop products designed to enhance the sustainability
also through our innovative products initiatives of our customers.
and technologies that address complex • Partner with our suppliers to operate sustainably
and drive full transparency from vendors regarding
issues in a sustainable way.
sustainable products and services.
Our mission is to provide trusted answers and insights • Continue to provide the most healthful and safe
that advance the quality of life, and we believe that workspaces possible through sustainable renovations,
sustainability is an important part of meeting that mission. operations and certifications.
We are committed to being a good corporate citizen, to
• Implement sustainability opportunities, identify metrics
acting responsibly in pursuit of our goals. That means we
and track progress throughout our operations and
must operate in a sustainable manner and help others do
supply chain; ensure compliance through a combination
the same.
of self and third-party audits and certifications.
This is nothing new for us. All of our actions are
• Continue to encourage and develop diversity and
based on our long-standing values and achieved with
inclusion in our workforce, investing in programs that
uncompromising integrity. Our culture has always included
advance these principles.
respect for the contributions of every employee in our
• Encourage employees to share their knowledge and
global workforce. We support the communities in which we
talents in building sustainable communities by providing
live and work and encourage employees to share their time
paid volunteer time off, matching their charitable
and talents to help others.
contributions and encouraging science education
through a variety of Agilent science programs.
Sustainability guiding principles
• Report on our sustainability practices and progress to
• Create employee work environments that are safe,
employees, investors and customers on a regular basis.
healthful and conducive to collaboration and innovation.
• Enable our customers to operate more sustainably
and address world challenges through the use of our
products and services.
• Reduce environmental impact of our operations through
resource conservation, reducing our carbon footprint
and waste.
• Drive consistent, responsible profit.
• Embrace diversity and inclusion in all aspects of
our business.
• Be an economic, intellectual and sustainable leader in
communities and countries where we operate.
12 13Delivering on our Promises
Agilent during
COVID-19
Agilent and COVID-19
As COVID-19 quickly started to spread, no one could have and have been successful in ensuring we can continue
predicted the enormous obstacles we would all be facing or to support our customers during the evolving situation
how we would navigate this crisis. with COVID-19.
Agilent immediately reached out to employees, letting
Our employees
them know that their health and safety would be our top
Agilent is committed to providing a safe environment for
priority, and there would be no job losses or pay cuts as
our employees, their families, and the communities in
a result of the pandemic. We also informed our external
which we operate. Initially we asked employees to work at
stakeholders that we would continue to provide products,
home where possible to reduce transmission risks and to
services and support during this critical time of need. We
keep them safe. Some employees have now returned to
created online resources addressing COVID topics on our
the office based on local conditions and in line with global
corporate website.
approvals under our return to office process. For those
employees still working at home, we want them to work
Our approach to COVID-19
from home safely and comfortably, and they are authorized
Agilent has an established Enterprise Risk Management to purchase additional equipment if needed.
Program that incorporates Business Continuity Plans
In the early phases of the pandemic, Agilent restricted
(BCPs) for all our critical activities, risk assessments and
all international travel by air and rail to business-critical
crisis-management protocols. We activated this structure
purposes only, with prior executive approval. Domestic
with the initial outbreak of COVID-19, with teams meeting
travel is also restricted to critical activities, with no travel
at the country, function and enterprise levels. Our executive
permitted for internal Agilent meetings. A detailed protocol
staff continues to meet regularly to monitor activities.
exists for employees wishing to attend or participate
in exhibitions, trade shows and similar events. These
The Agilent Enterprise Risk
restrictions are in place to reduce transmission risks and
Management (ERM) program
protect our workforce from a dynamic environment of
The ERM program provides a framework for identifying
government-imposed restrictions and quarantine. When
material risks. The program supports the businesses
employees do need to travel, extensive support networks
and functions in the documentation of the risk, how the
are in place.
risks are managed, and the update/creation of business
continuity plans (BCPs) where appropriate. Oversight Our Human Resources and Environmental Health and
is provided by the Executive Risk Committee, which Safety (EHS) teams have detailed processes in place to
comprises CEO staff. support our employees, including loosening of sickness
and time off policies for those who need to self-isolate,
The ERM program has identified material risks, including
fall ill or need to make other work-life adjustments for child
supply chain disruption, loss of strategic suppliers, logistics
care and elder care.
disruptions and site closures. BCPs exist to mitigate
and manage these risks, and we regularly assess and Employees have been provided with an “employee care kit”
update them. We've successfully activated these BCPs— comprising masks, sanitizer, a digital thermometer and
proactively in many cases—for surety of supply purposes other items to keep them safe while at work and at home.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
14 3 8 15Agilent during COVID-19 Delivering on our Promises
continued to operate at normal capacity. Our teams are We have proactively initiated these plans to help guarantee
hard at work to minimize the risk of potential disruption by surety of supply.
identifying diversified second- and third-tier direct material
We do not believe our products or packaging pose
suppliers and securing additional logistics uplift.
any transmission risk of COVID-19. Currently, there is
All Agilent manufacturing sites have established BCPs no evidence to support transmission of COVID-19 in
that cover the physical infrastructure of the site, supply this manner; the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and
chain disruptions and logistics/distribution. Our parts and Prevention, the World Health Organization and other
components come from a complex and diversified supply authorities have confirmed there is very short survivability
chain, and we regularly meet with our strategic suppliers to of the COVID-19 virus on hard surfaces. Over the days or
assess the robustness of their model and their own BCPs. weeks of shipping at ambient temperatures, the risk of
spreading the virus is very low.
Our sites
All our sites remain open for key on-site activities such the workplace. Our priority is the health and safety of our
as manufacturing, training and customer demos. We workforce and the broader implications a return to work
have taken extensive precautions to protect our on-site locations will have on their lives and families.
workforce, including increased cleaning and disinfection,
Our evaluation of site readiness includes a broad set
signage, restricted conference room usage, closure of
of important issues such as if the number of cases of
amenities, screening and restricted access for visitors and
COVID-19 are on a clear downward trend; the availability of
the availability of personal protective equipment. Internal
critical infrastructure such as public transport and parking;
and external events have been rescheduled virtually,
the availability of social infrastructure such as doctors and
postponed or canceled.
schools; and the readiness of our sites.
We have comprehensive plans to temporarily close part
Facilities have been adapted to provide appropriate
of or all of a site to perform deep cleaning in the event an
screening and social distancing, and employees will
employee is considered a risk, shows symptoms or tests
return to the site in carefully managed phases. Phases are
positive for COVID-19.
prioritized to those who need to use on-site infrastructure
At our manufacturing sites, we have introduced split shifts and in customer-facing roles. Many of our employees will
where possible to minimize transmission risks. continue to work from home until well into 2021.
Returning to Agilent work sites Our products and services
Agilent has developed an extensive Return to Office Agilent has a diversified manufacturing strategy with more
Protocol to manage employees returning on-site once local than 20 locations globally. All our manufacturing sites have
authorities begin to allow nonessential workers to return to
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
16 3 8 17Stories from COVID-19
14 employees
caught between
2 COVID-19
lockdowns:
Singapore and Malaysia
In pre-pandemic days, more than “After our meeting ended at 9:30 a.m., we hurried home to
100,000 Malaysians crossed the border inform our families and pack some daily necessities and
return to Singapore before the border closed,” said Jimmy
every day to work in Singapore.
Wong Shaw Wai.
But when Malaysia announced its movement-control order Kum Chee Phang and Aziz Yahaya rushed home and
(MCO) in March and closed the border, many workers – returned, carrying their personal belongings as they hiked
including several Agilent Singapore employees who live in across the bridge linking Singapore and Malaysia to prevent
the Malaysian state of Johor – were caught off-guard as getting caught in a major traffic jam. In ordinary times, Kum
they could no longer travel to work. Chee Phang crossed the border on his motorbike every day,
but chose to stay in Singapore out of commitment to his
While non-production employees could work from their
family and Agilent.
homes in Johor, some employees in manufacturing could
not. To assist these employees, managers at Agilent Chai Man Bin also decided to stay in Singapore. He
Singapore quickly offered them the option of going home explained, “When the MCO was announced, we didn’t know
to Malaysia and waiting out the MCO, or remaining in how long the situation would continue. We had to consider
Singapore indefinitely and continuing to work, with Agilent our jobs and also the impact on production.”
covering accommodation costs.
Where would they live?
Not an easy time Many arrangements for hotels and meals had to be made
On March 17, following discussions in the office, 14 quickly to accommodate employees living in Singapore for
production employees chose to stay in Singapore. For this an extended stay. Lodging was a major challenge, as hotel
group, it was a race against time to beat the traffic as they rooms were already at a premium and other companies
joined thousands of Malaysians rushing to cross the border were racing to find rooms for their employees.
before the lockdown kicked in at midnight March 18.
Fortunately, Agilent managed to secure a block of rooms
at the Concord Hotel Singapore within the day. Breakfast,
18 1199Stories from COVID-19
14 employees
caught between
2 COVID-19
lockdowns:
Singapore and Malaysia
Continued
lunch, laundry and the daily commute between the hotel Chan Khai Luen said continuing to work in Singapore has stride and have carried on with their work diligently. Thank
and work site were also arranged. been tough but manageable. you, all, for your commitment and loyalty to Agilent.”
As the pandemic dragged on, the group later moved to the “I chose to stay as my wife is working from home during He added, “We overcame this unprecedented challenge and
Pan Pacific Serviced Apartments, which provided more this period and she can take care of our daughter,” he said. ensured operations continued smoothly. In many ways all
living space as well as the freedom to cook and do laundry “I miss my family and I don’t know when I can go home. But 14 employees – and everyone involved in supporting them
within the apartment. I am also grateful to Agilent for providing accommodations – have taken the One Agilent spirit to a new level.”
that allow me to work with peace of mind.”
“Even as the team braced for impending operational In recent weeks1, both countries have begun easing
disruptions, our priority has always been the well-being After Singapore introduced its Circuit Breaker, shops and their lockdowns and have committed to holding talks on
of the affected employees,” said Ching Soon Tee, the restaurants were shut down, meaning colleagues could no reopening the border. A few of the 14 have managed to
Singapore manufacturing director for OFS Instrument longer get together on their days off. Most of them kept return home or make a visit. This is good news for this
Manufacturing. “We will always do our best to make sure busy by jogging and cooking. group of dedicated employees, who are looking forward to
their needs are taken care of while they are residing here.” going home and once again, living there.
Sacrifices met with gratitude, great results
Lockdowns continued, stays extended Chow Woai Sheng, VP of OFS Instrument Manufacturing
As the pandemic continued to worsen, Malaysia extended and country general manager for Singapore, said he was
its MCO twice and Singapore announced its own so-called grateful to the employees for the grace with which they
Circuit Breaker measures beginning April 7. Stuck between have handled this challenge.
two lockdowns, these employees continued to rely heavily
“It is not easy to be away from our families for an extended
on video calls and WhatsApp messaging to stay in touch
period,” he said. “But these 14 employees took everything in 1 As of April 26, 2021
with families.
2200 2211Delivering on our Promises
Business operations
Each year, Agilent’s CEO and president and top
management outline the company's Measure of Success,
which provides focus areas and related goals that the
company aims to reach over the next fiscal year.
Measuring performance toward these goals through
the Executive Quality Review process and related
Business-level Management Review serves as a report
card of our progress.
Product environmental management
Agilent aims to minimize the environmental impact of
our products and their packaging. We are committed
to conforming with applicable regulations related to the
Restricted Substances in Products. When a customer
decides it no longer needs a product, Agilent will take it
back for reuse or ensure it is properly recycled. For more
information, go to Agilent's Product Take-Back program. In Agilent's information security approach Growing the business: investing and Training Centers. Our facilities will provide customers
addition, we use tools such as the General Specification for partnering for the future with better technical support and demonstrations of
Agilent Technologies security program is based on industry
the Environment and our recently updated Design for the products and could potentially be used to develop new
standards including ISO 27002 Code of Practice, NIST Agilent continued its “Build and Buy” growth
Environment Guidelines to help minimize the environmental customer applications.
and the COBIT 5 framework. Our policies, standards and strategy in 2020.
impacts of our products and their packaging. operating procedures provide a comprehensive approach Agilent joined forces with the Indian Institute of Technology
In August, we announced plans to invest $150 million
to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Delhi (IIT Delhi) to promote biopharmaceutical research.
to more than double the capacity of our state-of-the-art
Agilent's materials declaration the data and systems in our environment. Security is a Agilent is contributing funds to support the Institute’s
oligonucleotide production facility in Frederick, Colorado.
requirements companywide priority and we continuously invest in our incubator site, with the goal of enhancing the quality and
people, processes and tools to strengthen our security Oligonucleotides are short DNA and RNA molecules used safety of biotherapeutics.
Agilent requires hazardous and restricted material
to create nucleic acid-based therapeutics.
posture to protect both Agilent's and our customers’ data. Agilent and IIT plan to establish global best practices
composition data for the purchased materials used in
Agilent's products, including parts procured on Agilent's To support our companywide approach, we have a They hold the potential to be used in developing treatments for identifying and characterizing biopharmaceuticals
behalf by third parties, such as contract manufacturers, dedicated IT Information Security and Risk for cancer, COVID-19, cardiovascular disease, rare and and offer world-class training on protein characterization
distributors and third-party logistics suppliers. Management (ISRM) department that is accountable infectious diseases and other conditions. With this to researchers from academia and industry. They will
for key areas. manufacturing capacity expansion, Agilent expects to operate under the Department of Biotechnology, Center
To meet the various requirements of our customers
create new job opportunities as well as improve quality of of Excellence for Biopharmaceutical Technology and will
and product chemical content restrictions imposed by
Policy, standards and operating procedures: life for many people. support incubated startups at IIT Delhi performing protein
numerous country laws and regulations, Agilent must
• IT compliance We also announced plans to ramp up genomics product analysis, with results providing critical information to
maintain material composition data on hazardous
substances. Agilent requests data about regulated • Security operations supplies in China, with a facility for manufacturing our ensure safe and efficacious biotherapeutic products
SureSelect Custom Probes used in next generation in India.
hazardous substance content of materials in order to • Risk management
sequencing workflows opening in 2021. Agilent is also collaborating with UK researchers at The
trade in legal compliance worldwide – we do not ask
• Threat and vulnerability management
University of Sheffield and The University of Manchester
suppliers about other, non-regulated substances.
Two Centers of Excellence open;
• Security awareness who are looking into the risk factors for atopic eczema
Agilent's General Specification for the Environment (GSE)
new partnerships announced
(also known as atopic dermatitis), a chronic skin condition
consolidates all material restrictions into one document,
Agilent invested in opening two Genomics Applications
that affects one in five children and one in 12 adults. The
which covers environmental laws in the Americas, Asia-
Centers of Excellence in China. Our Guangzhou lab opened
aim of the collaboration is to help the medical community
Pacific and Europe.
in January and Shanghai in October. These centers expand
diagnose the condition early and to administer the best
upon the customer support and training facilities already
possible treatment.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals in place with our Agilent Dako Academy Pathology Lab and
22 8 9 23Delivering on our Promises
Supply chain
Agilent's supply chain organizations Agilent requirements include:
are chartered to provide optimal
• Quality - Agilent is committed to delivering high-quality, • Sustainability - Agilent has formally aligned its
value-added sourcing and procurement
safe and reliable products, so we take steps to ensure objectives with the United Nations Sustainable
services that are: we consistently meet or exceed the standards set Development Goals (UN SDGs).
forth in our quality policy and applicable global quality
Agilent has been streamlining and improving its supply
• Legal, accountable and auditable manufacturing standards.
chain and manufacturing for the past several years. Among
• Ethically, environmentally & socially responsible • Environment, health and safety - Agilent strives to the company's innovations:
• Economically effective conduct business in an environmentally responsible • Four Centers of Excellence around the world focus on
manner and is committed to compliance with all
manufacturing, bioreagents, chemicals and logistics.
• ISO compliant
applicable environmental laws and regulations. We
• An online OFS Academy helps employees understand
Agilent's relationships with suppliers are of great support all laws, policies, permits, and regulations
their role in the overall supply chain and align toward
strategic importance. In working with suppliers, our related to protecting the environment, conserving energy
common goals. The Academy recently added a School
standards call for us to use common sense, good and natural resources, and reducing the environmental
of Digital Innovation.
judgment and the highest integrity. Agilent expects its impact of our operations around the world.
• The OFS Future Lab enables employees to contribute
suppliers to act with uncompromising integrity and follow • Regulatory - Agilent is committed to meeting all
suggestions and ideas related to emerging megatrends,
all appropriate global and regional laws and regulations. applicable regulatory requirements such as RoHS,
such as artificial intelligence.
It also includes all Agilent policies and programs that are REACH and Conflict Minerals.
aligned to these requirements. Working together, we can To address the potential for disruption in our supply chain,
• Human rights & labor - Agilent's core values and culture
achieve a strong working relationship and meet we use a number of techniques, including qualifying
reflect a commitment to ethical business practices and
compliance requirements together. multiple sources of supply and redesign of products for
good corporate citizenship wherever we operate in the
alternative components. In addition, while we generally
world. As a company, we acknowledge and respect the
attempt to keep our inventory at minimal levels, we do
fundamental principles of the Universal Declaration of
purchase incremental inventory as circumstances warrant
Human Rights, and our policies and practices reflect
to protect the supply chain.
our commitment to promote human rights within the
company's sphere of influence. Agilent did not disclose significant changes to the
organization and its supply chain in fiscal year 2020.
• Anti-corruption & bribery - Agilent is committed to
conducting its business activities in accordance with
all applicable laws and regulations that prohibit bribery
or corruption. It includes trade security that we do not
tolerate bribery in any form.
• Supply chain security - Agilent is committed to meeting
all applicable laws and regulations for ensuring a
safe supply chain. This includes trade security like the
World Customs Organization (WCO) and the Customs-
Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C-TPAT) to
improve the security of our supply chains and logistics
systems. We adhere to all applicable data protection
and privacy laws worldwide. Agilent has policies and
standard operating procedures in place to maintain
information confidentiality, integrity and availability.
These procedures include organizational requirements
of acceptable use.
24 25Delivering on our Promises
Materiality
assessments
Environmental, Social and Governance What’s involved?
(ESG) responsibilities A materiality assessment is a process In 2018, we laid the groundwork for our In early 2021, we completed our second
We are very proud that in spite of the COVID-19 pandemic, that identifies those ESG issues that first materiality assessment, completing materiality assessment, which will
we have remained committed to our Environmental, Social could affect our business as well the process in 2019. Those results have provide guidance for 2021 and beyond.
and Governance (ESG) goals. Our mission statement
as our stakeholders, which provides informed our sustainability strategy and
points out that we have a responsibility beyond making a That updated matrix is provided below.
guidance for business planning. business planning through 2020.
profit: we are committed to “advancing the quality of life.”
Major events of 2020, including the COVID-19 pandemic,
Therefore, we must always think long term and consider
social and civil unrest and economic downturns have
A broad range of stakeholders is surveyed, generating The materiality matrix below and to the left illustrates
the needs of others as we make decisions.
influenced stakeholders’ concerns and, as a result, our
feedback on the importance of key environmental, the priorities assigned to the 19 social, environmental
That’s why Agilent leadership routinely pauses to analyze priorities shifted since our 2019 assessment.
social and governance topics. The most highly rated and governance issues that could impact our business
the ESG issues our business could generate and who we
issues are important to both company and stakeholders, and stakeholders. These changes underscore the importance of conducting
might impact. We also have to consider how these issues
and those potential issues inform our strategies, targets regular materiality assessments, which clarify and prioritize
could impact our business.
and reporting. issues of concern. We will continue to conduct regular
Our periodic materiality assessments provide this insight. materiality assessments to inform business decisions.
2019 Materiality Matrix 2021 Materiality Matrix
Innovation & R+D
IMPORTANCE TO High Ethical business conduct IMPORTANCE TO
Climate change & energy Product sustainability
STAKEHOLDERS Innovation STAKEHOLDERS
Product safety & quality Climate change & energy
Market presence & pricing
Very High Ethical business conduct Product safety & quality
Customer satisfaction &
Customer satisfaction engagement
Community & giving
Labor practices Governance & leadership Diversity & inclusion
Economic performance
Moderate Occupational health & safety Talent attraction & retention
Supply chain sustainability
Water & effluents Sustainable products Waste management
Waste management
& solutions Corporate governance &
Labor practices Supply chain sustainability &
High leadership
Occupational health & safety sourcing
Water & effluents
Chemicals &
Economic performance
Air quality & other emissions hazardous materials
Diversity & inclusion
Talent attraction & retention
Market presence & pricing
Chemicals &
Moderate Community engagement &
Moderate High hazardous materials
relations
Air quality & other emissions
SIGNIFICANCE OF IMPACTS
Moderate High Very High
KEY People Business integrity & prosperity Planet All themes
SIGNIFICANCE OF IMPACTS
KEY People Business integrity & prosperity Planet All themes
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
26 8 2277Delivering on our Promises
UN Sustainable
Development Goals
Agilent and the UN Sustainable
Development Goals
Agilent products and services touch nearly all the United
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs),
launched in 2015 to create a blueprint for a better and
more sustainable future for all.
In 2018, Agilent declared alignment with the UN SDGs,
citing eight of the 17 goals where we have the greatest
potential to deliver positive impact:
Look for these icons throughout this publication,
indicating contributions to specific goals.
Barron’s has recognized our ESG commitment and
progress, awarding Agilent with first place in their 100
Most Sustainable Companies list for 2020 and second
place in 2021. We have ranked within the top three
positions on this prestigious list for three consecutive
years, another indicator of our consistent commitment
to sustainability.
28 29Stories from COVID-19
Our superior
customer service
in spite of
COVID-19:
A One Agilent effort
Customers have never needed Agilent’s support more than ever Out of the lab does not mean out of work alerts with critical operational information. The Remote
as they struggled to keep their staff safe and healthy, and their Customers’ employees built their technical skills at home by Assist feature also provides priority response service for
labs operational and efficient during a global pandemic. visiting Agilent University. With hundreds of training modules faster uptime.
That’s why Agilent maintained and even expanded essential available, including free courses and dedicated learning paths,
Broken? Exchange it!
services for customers throughout 2020, including education laboratory personnel made the most of their out-of-lab time to
With fully functional bench repair capabilities and over
and training, technical support, remote instrument monitoring, get up and running faster as labs reopen.
400 instrument modules in-stock, Agilent continued its
instrument repair and exchange, and preparation for increased lab Customers can also purchase an e-Pass subscription, which
Return to Agilent instrument repair program, as well as an
production when the crisis subsides. provides access to all Agilent-designed online courses on
Instrument Exchange program to keep customer labs
In addition, we deployed Agilent Virtual Assist – our augmented analytical workflows and lab procedures. up and running. Repaired and certified instrument
reality tool for technical support – a tremendous innovation modules are shipped directly to the customer, eliminating
Do-it-yourself, the Agilent way
that is serving customers well. And we continue to see the need for Agilent representatives to conduct on-site
Our advanced remote support capabilities have proven
growth in the use of web applications such as WeChat and repairs and maintenance.
extremely effective. They help employees diagnose and
Kakao for customer service requests and support, delivering
potentially fix our customers’ queries remotely, using platforms “The work performed by our customers is critical to
on our digital investments.
like WebEx, Microsoft Teams and Skype – in some cases, no both improving the human condition and in protecting
Customer response: overwhelmingly positive travel or in-lab service technician is needed. And the knowledge our global resources,” said Jason DiFraia, associate
Agilent has consistently been available to help in safe, secure doesn’t stop there – Agilent Community offers crowd-sourced vice president, Agilent Services and Support Division,
ways – and customers seized the opportunities for support. technical expertise and access to instrument resources, Product Management. “So, we are focusing on helping
including consumables, applications and Agilent support them address the challenges associated with staffing
For example, by mid-pandemic, our DGG China team led eight
resources, in one convenient online location. irregularities, lab closures and changes in lab productivity.
online activities with attendance of more than 16,000.
“Together, these programs are especially valuable in their
ACG Education Services accelerated their digital transformation Check-in from the safety of home
accessibility, flexibility and quality – customers can still get
with Agilent University training going online and offering virtual, With Smart Alerts, customers can check on their Agilent LC/GC
the trusted answers they expect from Agilent, but in ways
instructor-led courses. Registration topped out with a nearly 500% and GCMS instruments remotely and receive real-time status
that keep personnel safe and labs performing as best as
increase in training during the height of the pandemic.
they can throughout this crisis,” DiFraia said.
Note: Numbers cited above are from data on file.
3300 31Delivering on our Promises
Key policies
Operations policies People policies
Agilent standards of business conduct Political activities Environmental health and safety policy
Agilent's standards of business conduct guide our Agilent may contribute to dialogue and decision-making Agilent is committed to providing healthy and safe work
employees on how to conduct themselves with on public policies affecting the company, our employees environments and processes that enable our people
uncompromising integrity, requiring ethical conduct and operations. to work injury-free and illness-free while acting in an
and compliance with the law. Agilent published new environmentally responsible manner. Learn more about our
Anti-corruption policy
standards of business conduct in 2020. Click here environmental health and safety policy.
One of Agilent's most important company assets is our
for more information.
reputation for ethical behavior, honesty and fair dealing. Human rights and labor policy
Supplier Code of Conduct Agilent's anti-corruption policy incorporates the common Agilent conducts business with uncompromising integrity
Agilent's Supplier Code of Conduct outlines who we are and elements of anti-corruption laws and regulations worldwide and promotes human rights within the company's sphere
how we operate as a company. It describes our supplier that apply to Agilent's business. Learn more about our of influence.
requirements and expectations. These include quality, Global Anti-Corruption Policy.
Privacy principles
environment, health & safety, human rights & employment
Agilent's compliance hotline
practices, anti-corruption & bribery, regulatory (conflict Agilent is committed to respecting and protecting
minerals, RoHS) and Supply Chain Security (C-TPAT/AEO, Agilent's hotline provides an avenue for employees and the privacy and personal information of customers,
Privacy, IT Security) and sustainability. members of the public to report serious compliance employees and partners. Learn more about our Agilent
concerns. People can report information by telephone privacy statement.
Conflict minerals policy via a toll-free number or through the web. Reports can
Employee diversity and inclusion, accessibility and
Agilent sources components and assemblies for our be made in over 100 languages. The information people
work/life balance
products from suppliers in different countries around the submit will be handled confidentially within the small
world, each with its own laws and regulations. We are group necessary to conduct a review of the allegation. Agilent's commitment to diversity and inclusion helps us
committed to respecting human rights throughout our In most countries, reports may be submitted anonymously to be a great place to work, ignite innovation and deliver
global supply chain and do not knowingly conduct business if people prefer not to disclose their identities. Agilent does superior business results. Agilent applies a range of
with any individual or company that participates in the not tolerate retaliation against our employees for reporting policies, programs and practices to promote diversity and
exploitation of children (including child labor), physical legitimate concerns. inclusion, accessibility and work/life balance, including:
punishment, forced labor or human trafficking. See our • Nondiscrimination policy
updated Agilent Conflict Minerals Policy.
• Accessibility policy
Quality policy • Education-assistance program
At Agilent, we drive quality through our Quality
• Employee-assistance program
Management System (QMS) processes. This commitment
• Employee network group opportunities
is exemplified in a single, companywide Agilent quality
policy: Agilent will earn customer loyalty by providing • Balanced approach between campus recruiting and
trusted answers through continuous improvement of experienced hiring
products and services and interactions of the highest • Harassment-free work environment
quality and greatest value. Please see our Quality at Agilent
• Flexible and part-time work schedules when possible
brochure released in 2020.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
32 6 9 12 13 15 33Delivering on our Promises
Stakeholder interact with our people, our products or with us digitally, increased need for information. With some 13,000
we want every experience to leave them feeling confident employees working remotely, Agilent expanded digital
that Agilent can and does deliver on their needs, and they communications with all employees:
engagement
feel valued that we understand their expectations and
• Created a COVID-19 information center, providing a
are helping them achieve their goals. We hope that they
one-stop employee resource for pandemic-related help
are always inspired. This experience does not come by
and information.
Agilent engages with a wide range of
accident. We ask for customers' input and design our
stakeholders on issues that affect the improvement programs based on customer input. • Increased the use of video to share important
information with employees.
company's operations. During business Agilent assesses its customer experience through a variety
• CEO provided frequent updates and encouragement
planning, Agilent considers external of customer feedback mechanisms, including an annual
through his home-based video messages to employees,
market study, project-based primary customer research,
charters, principles and guidelines. We
generating strong participation and engagement. As a
customer feedback provided directly to Agilent employees,
also participate in industry and trade result of these efforts, Agilent was awarded first place
and through an ongoing customer experience survey
in the prestigious 2020 Employee Communications
groups at local, regional, state, national that measures perceptions across our customers' key
Awards, Ragan Communications, receiving other
engagements. Agilent also uses a closed-loop corrective
and international levels to address
awards as well.
action process to address urgent customer concerns,
emerging issues; develop industrywide
and a continuous improvement process to address more • Annual Agilent Leadership Survey continued
approaches to environmental and extensive change opportunities. to allow employees to provide feedback on
social challenges; and cooperate The Agilent Customer Experience survey is a global survey leadership effectiveness.
with governments, non-governmental evaluating our customers' experience with Agilent in 19 • Regular performance reviews and discussions
languages and over 50 countries worldwide. with immediate supervisors, were handled virtually
organizations and other stakeholders on
when appropriate.
Customers have rated Agilent as significantly
common concerns.
improved across all the key engagement areas in the • Virtual and on-site Employee Coffee Talks shared
Agilent meets all applicable laws, regulations and last several years. Agilent received especially high scores business updates and country-specific information
standards where we do business. during the COVID-19 pandemic for its ability to serve and answer employee questions.
customers in a difficult environment. Here are a few
• CEO global all-managers webcasts provide quarterly
examples of improvements we made based directly on
Approach to stakeholder engagement business updates with Q&A.
customer feedback:
Agilent engages with our stakeholders through • Annual meeting for senior leaders held virtually.
• Introduced an automatic notification system that
consultation, surveys, ad hoc feedback and reviews. Because development of leadership and professional
confirms when your product is ordered, tells you
skills is critical for Agilent, face-to-face and online
Agilent stakeholders include: when it ships, and utilizes a real time tracker for
resources, training and curriculum are available through
• Customers delivery information.
two online learning centers, "Development Now" and
• Employees • Provided easier and more complete access
"Learning@Agilent."
• Investors to site preparation guidance for customers
• Suppliers purchasing instruments. Investors
• Government agencies • Faster delivery time and online purchase options Institutional investors regularly request meetings with
• Communities for consumables to improve the purchase and our chief executive officer (CEO) and many of them meet
• Media delivery experience. with him at least once a year. He and other members of
• Industry standard-setting organizations the executive staff attend investor conferences where
• Shortened the time it takes to schedule service.
they give presentations and meet with investors one-on-
• Neighbors
• Improved search and navigation on our website. one. Analysts who research Agilent and our sector also
• Non-governmental organizations
have regular contact with our CEO and our chief financial
Employees
Customers
officer (CFO).
Agilent has many channels to engage employees and even
Our customers and the experience they have with us is
made improvements during the pandemic to meet the
a top Agilent priority. Our focus is to deliver on our brand
promise with every interaction. Whether our customers
34 35Stakeholder engagement
Those analysts are in constant contact with institutional guidance to companies for disclosing material information
investors and act as a feedback mechanism on how the that is comparable within each industry.
market perceives the company.
Agilent has sought to incrementally incorporate aspects of
• Each quarter, we conduct a financial results conference this framework approach in this current edition of its CSR
call that presents analysts and investors with an Report, adding SASB data reporting this year. We continue
opportunity to ask questions and detail concerns to the to consider additional incorporation of this disclosure
CEO and CFO. framework in future reporting.
• At our annual shareholder meeting, all attendees are
Suppliers
presented with the opportunity to ask questions to our
Agilent's relationships with suppliers are of great strategic
CEO, executive staff members and members of the
importance. Common sense, good judgment and the
board of directors.
highest integrity standards will be used in working with
• If analysts and institutional investors are unable to our suppliers. The results Agilent Technologies seeks
meet directly with our CEO, CFO or Treasurer, then will not occur from random sourcing or from selecting
they can rely on regular contact with our Investor suppliers solely based on competitive quotations. It will
Relations department. result from making the correct selection of suppliers and
Investors need complete information regarding how then working closely with them in specific areas to improve
companies manage climate-related risks and opportunities, quality and productivity.
and adapt their corporate strategy to be in line with a The basic strategy for establishing these "working
lower carbon economy. Major investors have issued broad relationships" is through the establishment of mutual
public statements, letters and white papers to industry performance expectations and measures. Agilent also
(notably BlackRock Investment Stewardship's approach expects its suppliers to adhere to the quality, product
to engagement on climate risk) calling for "consistent and regulatory, social responsibility and environmental
decision-useful" disclosures with respect to major material principles that are core to our company. As regular practice,
risks including climate change-related risks. Agilent compliance requirements are communicated
Specifically, investors like BlackRock have pointed to the through email to all newly added suppliers monthly;
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related annually, Agilent recommunicates compliance
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the standards put requirements for suppliers.
forward by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
(SASB) as the benchmark frameworks for a company
to disclose its approach to climate-related risks and the
transition to a lower-carbon economy.
These frameworks consider the physical, liability, and
transition risks associated with climate change and provide
36 37Stories from COVID-19 The arrangement was unworkable
But she couldn’t let her child — who was already starting
Building
to walk — wander the house unsupervised; meanwhile, she
wasn’t getting anything done.
relationships: She phoned her husband.
“It’s impossible,” she told him. “This totally doesn’t
work for me.”
Ayana Takeyama
So, the couple set to negotiations.
Fortunately, Chuan was self-employed as a general
contractor and could set his own hours. He took the day
shift, cooking, cleaning and taking care of the baby from 9
a.m. to 6 p.m. while Ayana worked. Then they switched.
Different, in a good way
“He was amazing,” Ayana said of her husband. “He did
everything, so I was totally able to focus on my calls.”
The schedule might sound rough, but it wasn’t all bad.
“At least we could have lunch together,” she said. "It was
nice having the whole family together under one roof during
the day," she continued, even as she worked. Normally,
Ayana wouldn’t see her husband and daughter until after
the workday; during lockdown, they could eat and play
together on breaks.
“That’s never happened before,” she said.
A success for the team
Free to take calls without caring for a small, screaming
human, Ayana reached 98% of her sales quota last year.
“That’s thanks to my team that supported me, but also my
Ayana Takeyama had just settled in for A huge change…
family, especially my husband,” she said.
a call with a customer. Before the pandemic hit, Ayana and her husband, Chuan
Today, post-lockdown, Ayana and Chuan have returned
Tang Yu, sent Chie to a nursery during the day while they
to their regular schedules and have just welcomed their
It was the start of the COVID-19 work-from-home era, and went to work. But when COVID-19 shut down the day
second child into their family. And although they’re glad the
as a member of the South Asia Pacific, Japan, and Korea nurseries, they were left to fend for themselves.
day nurseries are open again, Ayana said they’ll remember
sales organization for Laboratory Solutions Sales and
“Both of us were pretty upset,” Ayana said. “Where can we
the lockdown experience as a gift rather than a burden.
Marketing, that meant taking lots of calls from her home in
send the baby? How will we take care of the baby?”
Shanghai, China. “It was a chance to build the family relationship,” she said.
Ayana pulled Chie’s crib out from her room and set it next to
“We had quality family time during the pandemic.”
She picked up the phone and dialed. Just then, her
her desk, placing Chie inside with a handful of toys.
8-month-old daughter, Chie Yu, began to cry.
“Mostly it didn’t work,” she lamented. “Mostly she
When the customer answered, Chie started screaming.
was screaming.”
“I felt so sorry for the customer,” Ayana said.
38 3399Delivering on our Promises
Sustainability highlights Business highlights
$2.63 million invested in
2020 revenue and growth
GOAL 1 sustainability initiatives2
10% energy reduction by 2024
Energy projects offset $5.34 billion Launched plans to more than double Opened two Genomics
AHEAD OF TARGET AT 7% REDUCTION 2,143 metric tons of carbon production of oligos, nucleic acid-based Applications Centers of
• Earnings per share of $2.30 therapeutics, used to develop treatments Excellence in China
• Yishun and Shanghai solar projects: live in 2020
GOAL 2 • 3% reported revenue growth for cancer, COVID-19 and more
• Mulgrave solar array: live in spring of 2021
20% water reduction by 2024
• Waldbronn LED lighting conversion:
ON TARGET WITH 12% REDUCTION THIS YEAR completed in early 2021
Planning to invest over $1 billion Over $9 million donated to $9
universities, hospitals, research
GOAL 3 Our 1220, 1260 and 1290 Infinity II LC in R&D within three years
and charitable organizations million
95% solid waste diversion by 2020 product families achieved the My Green Lab
ACT certification; labeling now educates
BELOW TARGET AT 90%, ADJUSTED TO
buyers about environmental impact.
ACHIEVE 95% IN 2021
Our COVID-19 priorities
GOAL 4 Our first carbon
1% carbon (Scope 1+2 CO2e) neutral event Policies and processes Online customer and
reduction per year since 2014 transitioned to a Employee safety developed and employee training quickly
and 10% by 2024 highly successful and well-being continuously refreshed expanded to meet
virtual opportunity. continues to ensure the safety of increased needs
AHEAD OF TARGET, ACHIEVING 22% REDUCTION to be #1 employees, customers and suppliers
VS. 6% 2020 GOAL
Sponsor of My Green Lab, an organization
Virtual field service support
UPDATED GOAL: 25% REDUCTION BY 2025, dedicated to improving the sustainability • No COVID-19 related layoffs or
Product quality maintained and developed to minimize
EFFECTIVE IN 2021 REPORTING.
of laboratories worldwide. reductions in base pay
supply was uninterrupted risk for
• 13,000* employees employees
2 Less than planned due to onset of COVID-19 pandemic
successfully transitioned to and
Deliveries and installations provided
working remotely customers
in a safe, efficient manner
* Approximately
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
444000 8 9 1341Business highlights
People Award-winning products
~5,300 in our Life Sciences ~5,800 in our Agilent
16,400* employees
and Applied Markets Group CrossLab Group
Vaya Raman Spectrometer,
serving customers Pharma QA/QC, Gold Award,
~2,700 in our Diagnostics ~2,600 in our global R&D 100 Awards and Finalist,
in 110 countries
and Genomics Group infrastructure organization Innovation Awards,
The Medicine Maker
2020
90% 95% 88%
Leadership
8890 GC System,
Survey
Best New Separations InfinityLab LC/MSD iQ
of employees intend of employees would of employees Product, Scientists’ system, Best New
to stay at Agilent recommend Agilent as participated in the Choice Awards Spectroscopy Product,
a great place to work annual survey Scientists’ Choice Awards
Polychromator System,
NanoDis System,
5800 and 5900 ICP-OES,
Top 15 Innovation Award,
94% Top 15 Innovation Award,
39% 25 of employees The Analytical Scientist
The Analytical Scientist
approve of CEO,
Glassdoor
of full-time average hours
employees of training per
91st
percentile,
are female employee
employee engagement,
Locations
Perceptyx
R&D and/or
Manufacturing sites
USA (California, Colorado,
Product Delaware, Massachusetts,
282 154 Texas), Australia, Belgium,
innovation China, Denmark, Germany,
Italy, Japan, Malaysia,
in 2020 Netherlands, Singapore
and the United Kingdom
patents issued worldwide patent applications filled
Logistics Centers
China, Denmark, Germany,
India, Italy, Japan, Malaysia,
Headquarters
Singapore and the U.S., plus
additional regional hubs Santa Clara, CA
* Approximately Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
4422 9 43Delivering on our Promises
Recognition and awards
Barron's America's Best Employers Great Place to Award of Distinction
100 Most for Diversity Work India
Sustainable AmCham CARES, Corporate
Companies Forbes Certification, Great Place to Social Responsibility,
Work Institute Singapore
1st in 2020
Europe's Most
2nd in 2021
3rd in 2019 Inclusive Companies Best Workplaces Best Supplier
for Women
Laboratory Instruments and
2020, Financial Times
Management Best Service Provider, Quality
Certification, Greater China,
Control, Brazil, Sindusfarma
Top 250 Great Place to Work Institute
Excellence in Health
Wall Street Journal and Well-being China
Legal Team of the
Best Workplaces in
Year, Integration of
Biotechnology and
people.cn
Best Practices
JUST 100 List Pharmaceuticals
Asia Pacific In-House
Forbes and Just Capital, 4th America's Best-In- Great Place to Work Institute
Community
consecutive year State Employers
Industry Model
2020, Forbes Ranked No. 1
America's Most Award
Responsible
Laboratory Compliance
Companies Asia's Best Corporate Social
Services for Analytical
Workplaces List Responsibility, China
Instrument Qualification and
Newsweek Computer Software Validation,
China, Singapore LCGC Magazine of Separation
Great Place to Work Institute Science Global Survey
44
44 45As the credits rolled, she glanced at the piano in the corner.
She’d taken lessons from age six throughout high school,
but it’d been ages since she’d played a note.
Stories from COVID-19
Still …
Joy in “The piano was just there,” Shok Chan recalled. “So, I
thought, ‘Hey, why not?’”
listening: First, the theme song from “The Wolf”
It didn’t take long for her to learn the show’s theme song
and rediscover her childhood passion for music. Now, she
Shok Chan Phuah spends her lunch breaks and down time plucking out the
chords and melodies to her favorite pop songs.
“I find joy in listening,” she said. “It’s something fun to do
that helps pass the time and also makes me relax.”
Having a creative outlet for her anxiety has helped her find
the positives in the work-from-home era.
“Previously, I thought that I would be better working as a
salesperson who is meeting customers face-to-face,” she
explained. “But I’ve actually found that switching to digital
selling isn’t too bad at all.”
She added: “We are still able to call customers, right? It’s
not only about business, but it’s a human connection.”
Make no mistake, Shok Chan is looking forward to
returning to the office and other outside-the-home
activities. But until then — and afterward — she plans to
continue making music whenever she needs a break
from the computer screen.
Shok Chan Phuah was bored. A lifestyle change: slowing down
But since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, she has
Bored, and anxious.
spent most of her time at her home with her elderly mother
in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, with little to differentiate
“A lot of anxiety and waiting,” is how she
between work hours and free time.
described her pandemic experience.
Other than television, of course.
With little else to do, Shok Chan consumed episode after
As an inside sales account manager for Laboratory
episode of the 2020 Chinese TV drama “The Wolf.” But it
Solutions Sales and Marketing in the sales organization for
wasn’t just the story she enjoyed.
South Asia Pacific, Japan and Korea (SAJK), Shok Chan
was accustomed to face-to-face interaction, to the energy “One of the songs of the original soundtrack was pretty
of working alongside her colleagues each day. good,” she said.
46 4477Sustainable
innovations
Project Air to Ocean reduces CO2 Agilent is taking to the seas In fiscal year 2020, Agilent shipped 186 tons of materials Product quality was a concern
emissions, shipping costs “There is a better and more affordable way of doing things, via ocean from five suppliers in China. At about one-third “We have to think about our end customers, making
while still meeting your customer requirements,” said OFS’s the cost of air freight, the switch resulted in a savings just sure that there's no impact to the product quality,”
You can get just about anything from just about anywhere
Gilbert Gomez. shy of $500,000. Gilbert explained.
in three days: clothes, food, even materials for making
lab equipment. All it takes is the click of a button and the Carbon dioxide emissions cut Extreme temperature changes and high humidity are the
logistics of a transatlantic flight. On the environmental side, ocean freight reduced greatest threats, increasing risk of rust, tarnishing and
mechanical or electrical failure. To combat them, proper
But what’s convenient isn’t always best — for business or CO2 emissions by 1,307 tons, the equivalent of planting
packaging is key: heat and vacuum sealing, moisture-
the environment. 6,284 trees.
barrier bags and desiccants all help prevent moisture from
Air freight typically costs four to five times as much as road “Not bad,” said Fabrice Thomas, global supply chain vice
damaging materials.
transport and 12-16 times more than sea freight, according president for OFS. The success of the pilot project, he
The team also conducted drop and compression tests
to The World Bank. In 2018, air freight accounted for 171 added, demonstrates potential for even greater positive
to make sure the boxes' packaging could withstand the
million tons of carbon dioxide (CO ) emissions. impact if it were to be broadly implemented.
2 volume and weight of the materials, filling excess space
But the switch from air to ocean is more complex
with foam to protect the packaging from sharp edges.
than it seems.
Shipment timing also is critical for cargo safety. If Agilent
Gilbert served as project manager for Project Air to Ocean, After selecting five top suppliers to begin the experiment,
doesn’t ship enough materials to fill a standard shipping
a fiscal year 2020 cost-saving and sustainability initiative. the Air to Ocean team had to answer one simple but critical
The project substituted sea transport for air transport for question: How do we send materials — including metals,
materials shipped from supplier sites in China to logistics electronics and other highly sensitive parts — across the
centers at the Little Falls site in Wilmington, Delaware, and ocean without damaging them?
in Memphis, Tennessee.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
48 8 9 12 13 49Sustainable innovations
container, that container will be shared with another Other options under consideration
company’s materials. And they don’t plan to stop there.
“So, you have no control over how you pack your stuff in the For 2021 and beyond, the team is exploring other non-air
container,” Gilbert said. modes of transport, such as rail shipping, which will require
more research and testing, including measuring the impact
Big scheduling changes needed
of rail vibrations on various materials, but Gilbert said that’s
The safest bet, he continued — and the most cost-
an obstacle easily overcome.
effective one — is to schedule shipments such that only
“We can go back and say, ‘Oh, that can be done, because it
Agilent materials fill the space. Right now, that means
has been done,’” he said, referring to the change from air to
monthly shipments.
ocean shipping. “So now we just have to expand, and that’s
But that still leaves one big problem to solve.
exactly what we’re doing in 2021.”
“The only setback we probably have to factor in is the long
lead time,” Gilbert said. Contract management system: Doing
Previously, materials could be expected to arrive business with Agilent got easier
within three days, whereas ocean shipment can take
Agilent’s Contracts team — with the support of Agilent
up to a month.
IT — unveiled the much-anticipated digital contract-
“That’s another big change for the procurement folks,”
management tool, Coupa CLM-A, to manage Agilent’s
Gilbert continued. “Because now they've got to add in the
nearly 6,000 sales contracts.
extra lead time for that.”
Customers and employees appreciate the seamless
The solution? workflow that auto-generates documents and next steps,
provides real-time access to any contract’s status and
“A fundamental transformation of our way of
delivers enhanced reporting and analytics.
working,” Fabrice said. “A reinvention of our inventory-
management strategy… that (has) a significant impact; The end result: improved communication and faster
a measurable one.” service, making it even easier for customers to do business
with Agilent.
For ocean-freight supply shipments to work, factories and
logistics centers must build up what Gilbert calls “buffer
stock,” a certain amount of material that must remain in
constant supply. Then, new orders from suppliers are made
in tandem with orders taken from that buffer stock.
“Then it is smooth after the initial shipments,” said Adrian
Lee, commodity manager for the project.
Since Air to Ocean’s pilot program began in early 2020,
the program has expanded to include 12 suppliers across
various regions, and the team has set a 2021 savings target
of $700,000.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
50 8 9 12 13 51Sustainable innovations
Denmark makes sustainable
transportation easier for
employees
Transportation has a major impact on
the environment,
so we’re working to help employees
choose sustainable ways to travel
to work. In Denmark, Agilent has
been recognized as a bicycle-friendly
employer of choice. A new bike shed
was added in 2020, providing secure
and weather-proof storage, plus a
workbench for any quick repairs that
might be needed before cycling home.
The site added special cabinets for
charging electric bike batteries as well
as new car charging stations. All these
improvements help minimize
our environmental impact.
52 53Sustainable innovations
Reducing paperwork: thinking small, Procurement works with suppliers to
delivering big improve sustainability & diversity
When you’re trying to save the planet, you’ve got to Last year, Agilent’s Supply Chain focused on working
think big. with suppliers to improve our sustainability impact and
increase diversity.
But you also have to consider the small stuff – the details –
because, all totaled, they can make a big difference. We revised our Supplier Code of Conduct to include
sustainability requirements for suppliers. Request
Consider shipping.
for Proposal (RFP) forms now require sustainability
What does it take to ship just one product globally?
information, which, in turn, is reviewed as part of the
Obviously, a label. purchasing decision-making process.
A packing list. Procurement team members completed training to
An airway bill. increase engagement and promote companywide
awareness about the importance of sustainability in
An export declaration for customs.
procurement decisions.
And more.
Also in 2020, Agilent introduced supply chain sustainability
Then multiply that by thousands of packages shipped
assessments to establish baseline performance levels
each week.
for suppliers who contribute toward the majority of the
Employees from around the world work with our shipping procurement spend.
processes and they knew there had to be a better way, so
To ensure that our supply base shares Agilent’s values,
they started collaborating to find solutions.
we strengthened our Supplier Diversity program by
working with external agencies to enrich supplier data.
First change: developing a better process
We established a new requirement of including diverse
for airway bills
suppliers for RFPs in the United States, and by establishing
Often brokers and customers, like distributors, need upfront
internal goals to increase Agilent’s diverse supplier spend.
shipping paper copies to prepare for customs clearance;
that info is sent to carriers, who usually add an airway bill Agilent informs suppliers of our Environmental and
and then send the information on. Social Responsibility (ESR) expectations and requires
them to adopt management practices aligned with these
The team suggested an online approach, and in early 2020,
expectations. The company also conducts Responsible
we made the switch to digital, eliminating hundreds of
Sourcing Assessment Surveys with select suppliers
emails, reprint requests and hours of work. And another
to assess compliance with Environmental and Social
obvious benefit: reduced paper and printing.
Responsibility expectations.
Employees started looking at other shipping-related
paperwork. In June, we rolled out electronic packing lists
and, in September, we moved on to electronic export
declarations where applicable.
These two changes alone will deliver impressive savings
and, best of all, they eliminate millions of unnecessary
printed pages each year.
Just another example of looking at the big picture, all the
while, taking care of the details, too.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
54 54 10 12 5555Stories from COVID-19
From hobbyist to
3D-printing hero:
Tiong Seng Pung
When Tiong Seng Pung learned group optimized print settings and frame design to make Results were impressive
front-line health care workers fighting significant improvements, reducing printing time to 30 During March and April, Tiong Seng made over 400 face
minutes per frame. shields, which he donated to employees in Sarawak General
COVID-19 in Sarawak, Malaysia,
“From failed prints to material shortages and machine Hospital’s accident-and-emergency department. The
were struggling with a shortage of
downtime, we faced enormous challenges at the start. hospital is the largest in the state of Sarawak.
personal protective equipment, he I could start as early as 4 a.m. and finish at 10 p.m. The Eventually, the group made and donated close to
wanted to help. project became a family affair, too, as my daughters would 4,000 face shields to hospital health care workers,
sometimes stay up to help me,” said Tiong Seng. police and army personnel manning roadblocks and
For almost two years, Tiong Seng, Agilent field-service The project involved 3D-printing the frames that hold even hotel workers.
engineer (FSE), had experimented with 3D-printing as
together the face shields. Tiong Seng and his friends “I feel great that I could turn my hobby into something
a hobby with five friends at Kuching 3D Makers’ Group.
then manually attached frames to transparent plastic meaningful,” Tiong Seng said, “and grateful that I can give
Because of their experience — and the fact that most of
sheets they bought at local stationery shops. The face back to the community during this pandemic.”
them owned 3D printers and associated materials — the
shields are reusable, have replaceable parts and can be
group of six pooled their skills and resources to make face
disinfected quickly.
shields for front-line workers.
When the group started the process around March, there
were quite a few inefficiencies.
Plenty of challenges to address
For starters, each frame took 2.5 to 5 hours to print.
As a result, Tiong Seng only managed to make 10 face
shields in three days. After some trial and error, the
56 5577Our markets
Agilent focuses its expertise on six key
markets, where we help our customers
achieve their goals:
Pharmaceutical Food
Agilent has one of the broadest solutions portfolios of Agilent helps ensure that our global food supply is free
any company serving the pharmaceutical industry. Our of contaminants — whether chemical, viral, bacterial
solutions provide precise answers for every segment, or microbiological. Our customers include government
from disease research and drug discovery to drug regulators and labs that control food safety, as well as
development, manufacturing and quality control. The private companies that produce, package and sell food to
start-to-finish solution set means customers can get the public.
products to market faster. Customers trust us to help
them test the purity of their therapeutics. Agilent also Chemical and energy
ensures that their instruments and processes conform
The natural gas and petroleum refining markets use
to the highest compliance.
Agilent products to measure and control the quality of their
finished products and to verify the environmental safety of
Diagnostics
their operations. Petroleum refiners use our measurement
Agilent gives doctors a head start in the fight against solutions to analyze crude oil composition, perform raw
cancer and other diseases. Our solutions help pathology material analysis, verify and improve refining processes and
laboratories deliver fast, accurate information to the ensure the overall quality of gasoline, fuels, lubricants and
doctors, hospitals and medical centers they serve. We help other products. Our solutions are used in the development,
medical professionals make more accurate diagnoses so manufacturing and quality control of fine chemicals and
patients can receive the most effective therapies. other industrial applications such as materials analysis.
Agilent also helps energy researchers investigate biofuels,
Environmental and forensics renewable fuels and other forms of alternative energy.
From pesticides to pharmaceutical residues to trace
Research
metals, we provide fast, accurate and sensitive methods
for monitoring contaminants affecting the quality of Most life sciences and diagnostics research is done at
life. Agilent solutions also play an important role in law top-tier universities with funding from governments around
enforcement by providing robust tools and instruments to the world. Agilent is helping these researchers learn
analyze and verify evidence at trial. more about cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes,
Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, autism and other ailments. Our
instruments, software and sample preparation solutions
help scientists conduct faster, more accurate research.
58 59Delivering on our Promises
Good governance
Agilent Technologies Board of Directors
Male Female Total Number
Agilent is led by a chief executive officer • Continued assessment of highly qualified, diverse and
and overseen by a board of directors. independent candidates for nomination to the Board. Total board members with executive functions 1 0 1
The current four committees of the • Regular meetings of our independent directors without
management present. Total non-executive directors (excluding independent directors) 0 0 0
board are:
• Strong focus on pay-for-performance.
Total independent non-executive directors on the board 6 3 9
• Audit and Finance Committee
• Diverse Board with an effective mix of skills, experience
Total Board Members 7 3 10
• Compensation Committee and perspectives.
• Executive Committee • Proactive shareholder engagement.
• Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee • Two new independent directors added in the
past four years. Anti-corruption
The board selects the chief executive officer in accordance
• Policies prohibiting hedging, short selling and pledging
with the company's bylaws and other applicable policies. Agilent does business directly or indirectly in over 120
of our common stock.
Information on Agilent's governance structure can be found countries worldwide, each of which has its own unique
on our Investor Relations website. • Varied lengths of Board tenure with an average tenure laws, customs and business practices. Agilent requires
of nine years. its employees and business partners in all geographies
Corporate governance highlights to conduct their business affairs with uncompromising
• Stock ownership guidelines for executive officers
integrity and will not tolerate corrupt activities of any kind.
and directors.
The Board is committed to sound and effective governance
Agilent maintains a written policy against corruption that
practices that promote long-term stockholder value and Agilent has adopted the standards for director
prohibits promising, offering or giving to or receiving from,
strengthen Board and management accountability to our independence in compliance with the New York Stock
any individual anything of value or personal benefit with
stockholders, customers and other stakeholders. Exchange's corporate governance listing standards. To be
the expectation of receiving a favor, a grant of business or
considered independent, the board must determine that
• Nine of our 10 directors are independent.
any other business advantage in return. Such actions are
a director has no material relationship with the company
• Our board is 30% female. sometimes referred to as bribes, kickbacks or improper
other than in his or her capacity as a director.
quid pro quos.
• Annual Board self-assessment process,
including peer evaluations. Agilent is committed to complying with: Agilent managers are responsible for promoting awareness
of and enforcing compliance with the policy among their
• Independent standing Board committees. • The laws and regulations of each country where Agilent
reports at all levels and must not actively or passively
conducts business.
• Majority voting and director resignation policy in
authorize or ignore corrupt activities in their organization.
uncontested director elections. • The laws and regulations of the United States, including
Employees who violate the policy will be subject to
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
• Strong independent chairperson. disciplinary action, which may include termination
• Other international anti-corruption laws and of employment. No employee will suffer adverse
regulations, including the UK Bribery Act of 2010 and the consequences for refusing to offer or make a corrupt
OECD Anti-Bribery Convention, to which 38 countries are payment, even if it may result in the loss of business.
signatories.
One hundred percent of all Agilent business units
• Agilent's policies and procedures. were analyzed for risks related to corruption during the
reporting period.
• Agilent's Standards of Business Conduct.
100% of management and non-management employees
Agilent's anti-corruption policy incorporates the common
were required to receive anti-corruption training during
elements of anti-corruption laws and regulations worldwide
the reporting period.
that apply to Agilent's business.
Agilent has a formal process for investigating and resolving
allegations of corruption should they occur.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
60 8 61Good governance Delivering on our Promises
Anti-competitive behavior Economic performance
Competition laws, also known as After 2015, Agilent launched several companywide
transformative initiatives to drive growth and probability.
antitrust laws in the United States, vary
We operate as one company, with one culture and a set of
by country, but all share the common
core strategies.
underlying philosophy that competition
Agilent represents a differentiated growth opportunity
benefits consumers by offering higher- with a track record of consistent economic results with
quality, more innovative products and the core strategies.
services at lower prices. Attractive returns
• History of consistently outgrowing the markets.
Around the world, competition laws seek to prohibit
• Superior profitability and cash-generation.
conduct that undermines competition, such as the
formation of cartels among competitors or the abuse
Technology leader in attractive markets
of a company's market power. Agilent understands the
with secular growth trends
Evaluation is completed by the continuous Audit team,
commitment to ensuring compliance to these laws is
• Leader in life science and diagnostic tools.
which uses audit software, IDEA and Tableau, to conduct
salient to participating in the global marketplace.
semi-automated analysis of large populations of Agilent • End markets focused on improving the human condition
Agilent is committed to competing vigorously and fairly in
data in order to identify errors, control deviations and and have long-term secular growth drivers.
all markets in which we do business. We place the highest
potential fraud. Our tests are performed periodically
importance on maintaining compliance with competition • Sustained R&D investment and an established leading
throughout the year, ensuring that all transactions in an
laws globally. To achieve this goal, all Agilent employees innovator in the industry.
identified population are reviewed annually.
must adhere to the following principles:
Strategic capital deployment
Today, Agilent runs multiple tests on data, including
Interactions with competitors purchase orders, payables, vendor data, customer data, • Focus on M&A to increase exposure in faster-growing
• Never agree with a competitor or potential competitor sales orders, expense reports, site access, etc. When markets and geographies.
(including our own channel partners) to set the terms issues are identified in Continuous Auditing, they are • Growing cash dividends.
on which Agilent and its competitor will compete or addressed either directly with our internal business
• Consistent return of excess cash to the shareholder.
whether or not they will compete. Even the appearance partners or referred to the Traditional Audit team or to the
In fiscal year 2020, Agilent's "Build and Buy" growth
of an agreement may be unlawful. Special Investigations team. An example of a Continuous
strategy accelerated our momentum in attractive
Auditing test is to check that users with active system
• Never discuss or exchange pricing information with any
market opportunities.
access are still active Agilent employees or contractors.
competitor or potential competitor.
Another example is to identify duplicate payments made to
• Never allocate customers or bids between Agilent and
employees or vendors.
another company or agree that Agilent or its competitor
Agilent policy forbids anti-competitive behavior, antitrust,
will provide complementary bids to give the appearance
and monopoly practices and in the current reporting
of actual competition.
period, there was no legal action for antitrust and anti-
competitive behavior.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
62 8 63Good governance
Agilent integrates climate change into
its business strategy in several ways.
First, Agilent has an active sustainability program in which In addition to focusing on energy conservation, a Defined benefit plan obligations and other
our ISO 14001 environmental management system is significant component of our strategy is to invest in owned retirement plans
engaged to drive operations to monitor and reduce our renewable energy generation. To date, Agilent has invested Percentage of salary contributed by employee and employer
environmental impacts from energy consumption and the in over five megawatts of solar PV power and new energy vary by country. Separate funds exist in some countries
associated CO2 emissions. fuel server technology. to pay the plan's pension liabilities. Agilent does not track
Secondly, Agilent recognizes that having a reputation From a business perspective, these investments have participation in either mandatory or voluntary retirement/
as an environmental leader is a competitive advantage. multiple benefits, from reducing our long-term energy pension programs in each country in which we do business.
This advantage allows Agilent to attract and retain the costs and hedging against future price increases to
Financial assistance received
best and brightest employees; obtain and maintain improving employee morale. We've received substantial
from government
business from other companies who choose suppliers positive feedback from our employees regarding
The company has negotiated tax holidays in several different
with strong environmental practices; and attract investors Agilent's investment in renewable energy. From a product
jurisdictions, most significantly in Singapore. The tax
interested in the same. perspective, Agilent has set objectives to reduce energy
holidays provide lower rates of taxation on certain classes
and solvent use in certain products and we are progressing
To communicate
of income and require various thresholds of investments
toward those goals. We will continue initiatives to build
our achievements,
and employment or specific types of income in those
more energy and chemical efficient products.
Agilent participates
jurisdictions. In December 2018, the tax holiday in Singapore
in many external Supplier selection and procurement decisions are also
was renegotiated and extended through 2027. As a result of
surveys including Dow influenced by climate change considerations. Since
the incentives, the impact of the tax holidays are
Jones Sustainability 2004, Agilent has had in place a Supplier Code of
as follows:
Index, CDP, green energy surveys, etc. Our environmental Conduct. We evaluate existing and potential suppliers on
• Tax holidays decreased income taxes by $71 million,
practices and results are summarized in our annual environmental practices and compliance with relevant
$368 million and $87 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018,
Corporate Social Responsibility report, which was laws, regulations and international principles. We have
respectively.
expanded for 2020 to include Sustainability Accounting developed a supplier scorecard that includes assessing
Standards Board (SASB) data. the environmental attributes of potential suppliers when • The benefit of the tax holidays on net income per share
we make sourcing decisions. (diluted) was approximately $0.23, $1.16 and $0.27 in
Each year, Agilent implements a number of projects to
2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
conserve energy and improve energy efficiency and thus For incumbent suppliers, Agilent conducts occasional
reduce GHG emissions. These range from upgrading audits of suppliers with potentially high environmental Economic stimulus legislation was passed in many
lighting systems and replacing existing bulbs with lower impact and identifies opportunities for improvements countries in response to COVID-19. In March in the U.S., the
bulbs, to more involved and investment-intensive initiatives and we work together to develop and execute a corrective Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act ("CARES
such as replacing roofing to improve building insulation action plan. Act") was enacted to provide for tax relief and government
and adding more energy-efficient infrastructure to our loans, subsidies and other relief for entities in affected
operations. industries. As of October 31, 2020, the CARES Act and
other government benefits outside the U.S. did not have a
material impact on our consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
64 8 65Good governance
Indirect economic impacts
Agilent Technologies is committed development in life sciences, thus fostering innovation and
to conducting business in an advancement in children's education.
ethical, socially responsible and The Foundation supports a range of pre-university-level
science education programs aimed at helping students
environmentally sustainable manner.
develop the critical thinking skills essential for tomorrow's
Our citizenship objective is to be an
jobs. In addition, the Foundation's match of employee
economic, intellectual, and social asset and hospital, research and educational institutions giving
strengthens a broad range of nonprofit programs in
to each nation and community in
communities where Agilent has a presence.
which we operate.
Agilent's worldwide community programs tangibly
demonstrate the company's values and commitment
to corporate citizenship. In communities where we
operate, we contribute through the Agilent Technologies
Foundation and company grants, employee volunteerism,
and community partnerships in the areas of science
education and workplace giving campaigns. Employees
volunteer an estimated 27,500 hours to the community
every year across 20 countries and hundreds of charitable
organizations. These were supported by Agilent through
our Volunteer Time Off (VTO) program that allows
employees to take off six days per year in paid time to
volunteer in charities that align with Agilent values.
In addition, our products are found in leading research
and teaching laboratories. Our global connection to
academia also includes educational support, recruitment
of top university talent and philanthropy. Through our
"Thought Leader Program," Agilent supports scientific
At the global level, we partner with many organizations, in
advancements by leading researchers around the world.
which we identify local corporate social responsibility (CSR)
We also contribute through financial support, products and
projects and support them on an ongoing basis. Agilent
expertise to research in the life sciences, diagnostics and
Technologies Foundation also supports several major
applied chemical markets.
initiatives in countries around the world in the areas of food
safety, diversity and education.
Agilent's philanthropic efforts, through the Agilent
Technologies Foundation, focus on education and
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
6666 8 67Good governance
Supporting organizations
around the world
Following are examples of 2020 global programs that
engaged Agilent employees and were supported by the
Agilent Technologies Foundation:
Santa Clara, CA, USA Manesar-Gurgaon, India
• Second Harvest Food Bank • The Earth Saviours Foundation
• Society of Women Engineers • India Kids’ Science Day
• VA Caregiver Support and Mentoring Program
Mulgrave, Australia
• Loaves & Fishes Family Kitchen
• Junior Engineers Coding Program
• Humane Society
Penang, Malaysia
Memphis, TN, USA
• Mangrove Forest Education Centre
• Dorothy Day House
• Penang International Science Fair
Wilmington, DE, USA
Spain
• Family Promise of Northern New Castle County
• Cooperación Internacional ONG (Madrid)
• Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children
• TANU – Terrassa Ajuda a Nens D'ucrania (Barcelona)
• Cancer Support Community
Tokyo, Japan
• Delaware AeroSpace Education Foundation
• United Way Worldwide
• Ronald McDonald House of Delaware
• Japan Biology Olympiad Committee
• Girl Scouts
Waldbronn, Germany
Mexico City, Mexico
• Baden-Marathon
• SOS Children's Villages
• Girls’ Day
China
United Kingdom
• China Youth Development Foundation (Beijing)
• Cancer Research UK
• United Way (Taiwan)
• Mental Health Foundation
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
68 8 69Good governance Delivering on our Promises
Agilent's policies and practices are ISO certifications:
consistent with many internationally
Agilent Technologies, Inc.
accepted charters and principles.
• ISO 9001 Certification (Quality Management System)
Agilent used the following guidelines, charters and • ISO 13485 Certifications (Medical Device Quality
principles to develop our own policies, position Management System) (applicable to selected Agilent
statements and environmental health and safety sites only)
management systems: • ISO 14001 Certification (Environmental
• 1987 Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Management System)
Ozone Layer and adjusted by Meetings of the Parties in • ISO 27001 Certification (Information Security
1990, 1992, 1995, and 1997; Ozone Secretariat; United Management System)
Nations Environmental Program
• Cyber Essentials Plus
• The California Supply Chain Transparency Act of 2010
Agilent CrossLab Group (ACG) Genomics Solutions Division
• Conventions of the International Labour
• ISO 13485 Medical Devices – Quality
Organization (ILO) Agilent Technologies, Rhode Island
Management Systems
• Custom Trade Partnership Against Terrorism • ISO 17025
• ISO 13485 Santa Clara MDSAP
• Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer • ISO 17034
• ISO 13485 Cedar Creek MDSAP
Protection Act
Agilent Technologies ProZyme, Inc.
• EU Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Agilent Technologies Belgium
• ISO 9001 – Quality Management Systems
Directive 2012/19/EU • ISO 13485 Medical Devices – Quality
Diagnostics and Genomics Group (DGG) Management Systems
• Global Reporting Initiative—GRI 4.0 sustainability
reporting guidelines Pathology/Reagent Partnerships/Companion • ISO/IEC 27001 – Information Security Management
Diagnostics Divisions
• ISO 45001:2018 – Standard for occupational health and
Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group (LSAG)
safety management systems Agilent Technologies, Inc.
• ISO 9001 ACEA
• Procurement Strategy Council • ISO 13485 Carpinteria (US)
• ISO 13485 ACEA
• United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and • MDSAP Carpinteria (US)
• ISO 9001 Agilent SLIMS
Human Rights
Agilent Technologies Singapore International Pte. Ltd. • ISO 27001 Agilent SLIMS
• U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and those enacted
• ISO 13485 Glostrup (Denmark)
under the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery • ISO 13485 BioTek Instruments, Inc.
of Foreign Public Officials in International Business • MDSAP Glostrup (Denmark)
Transactions • IVD EC Certificate
• U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity laws and
accompanying regulations
• UK Bribery Act 2010
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
70 8 71Stories from COVID-19 Julie Morley, Human Resources - UK, • Chats about last night’s TV shows, who’s going where
on holiday, what did they do during the weekend, what
joined Agilent just as the pandemic
Joining Agilent movie did they see?
was closing offices around the world.
• Miss my friends, my mum’s Sunday dinners, the shops,
The following is her recollection of
during a the pub, the nights out.
the experience:
What I don’t miss: The commute! The 9-to-5 schedule!
Spending a fortune on lunches and gasoline!
pandemic:
March 9, 2020
What have I learned?
My first day at Agilent.
• That we can still chat, even if it’s just on Jabber or
I had feelings of apprehension about joining a new
Julie Morley
Teams. I know it’s not the same and sometimes it feels
company.
like an effort but checking in with folks really does help
Will I like the people? Will I like the culture? Where should I
the mood. Turning on the camera and seeing faces and
go for lunch?
body language is vital for me and really helped me get
Teeny worries back then, I know! through my first year at Agilent.
Any nervousness I had was quickly removed by a lovely • That you can run a virtual event successfully. Our
colleague and manager. team’s Christmas celebration, for example, was one to
Like many people, we also had to contend with
remember and probably the most I’d laughed in ages.
Yet, as the week progresses, I'm starting to hear more and
“homeschooling” three kids, ages 13, 15 and 17.
more mention of “coronavirus.” I recall the words of my HR • That we can still develop and learn new things and have
I remember days with five of us crammed around a dining
colleague Elaine Sutherland on my first and last Friday in fun. We just have to be more innovative.
room table — computers, laptops, printers, wires all over the
the office: “Take your laptop home, just in case.”
• That I have a whole new respect for teachers!
place. Some days I just thought I couldn’t do it.
March 13, 2020 On top of all that, our house move was put on hold! • That we are a resilient species, and we are doing
Dominique Grau, senior vice president of Human amazingly well. The vaccine brings hope for a
The welcome news came a day earlier from President and
Resources, asks all Agilent employees to work from home brighter 2021.
CEO Mike McMullen: there would be no COVID-19-related
where possible.
layoffs or reductions to base pay, providing the reassurance My best advice
Oh my God, how on Earth will this work? I don’t know I needed.
If you’re not feeling it, tell someone.
anyone! How will anyone know to come to me for
Many of my friends had been put on furlough or lost their
We all have bad days. There’s no point sitting in front of
anything? They haven’t a clue who I am or what I can
jobs, so I counted my blessings.
your computer for hours on end feeling unproductive.
offer. Is my job safe?”
Fast forward 12 months, and I’ve come a long way. Things
Turn off the computer, have some coffee or tea, call your
March 23, 2020 at work, and also at home, are working fine. We all seem to
friends, go for a walk — whatever escape works for you.
The UK government closed all institutions of learning. have adjusted to a new norm.
Be honest about how you’re feeling. Chances are your
The next few weeks will be tough, I don’t mind admitting. The immediate work challenges are a distant memory now.
teammates or manager also could be struggling. We have
I still work from the dining room table, but it’s much calmer.
I had a great onboarding experience and a great team but to work together to get through this.
Yes, I am desperate to get back to the office, though
really had no clue about most things Agilent-related.
probably not five days a week.
Who do I go to for this? Where do I find what I need? Why
do we do it this way? So, what do I miss?
All these questions could be answered easily if I were • People, people, people.
in the office. • Building those relationships.
72 73Our environment
Energy
Agilent has identified energy use as quarterly against targets, and appropriate adjustments
one of its significant and most material are implemented where possible. Energy consumption
is normalized by the operating footprint (in sq. ft.), by
environmental impacts. Approximately
headcount and revenue.
80% of Agilent's site energy footprint is
Agilent commissioned renewable energy projects in FY20
reported from the sites that are included
leading to an expected annual grid electricity saving of
in its annual analysis of energy use and about 3,600 MWh (13,000 GJ) with the corresponding
emissions reduction of over 2795 MT of CO2.
carbon emissions.
Globally, solar photovoltaic generation at Agilent sites
Agilent continues to focus on opportunities to reduce offset annual Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions by over
energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions, 1,500 MT in FY20.
normalized by space and headcount.
In FY20 our energy reduction per square foot was 7.2%
Improvements to operational efficiency include the against a target of 6% (FY14 baseline) which reflects some
implementation of energy saving or lower carbon impacts due to COVID-19 restrictions but also incorporates
emissions projects and continued utility usage some increases in production and site operations globally.
communication. Opportunities to install more efficient More significantly, however, Agilent's energy reduction per
systems and those with a reduced carbon footprint are site headcount was a significant 25% against the same 6%
considered in facilities projects and the corporation has target, which corresponds to headcount and operational
taken a long-term view in terms of economic payback. increases to meet production demand.
Performance related to 10-year global objectives to reduce
Energy consumption per US$ annual revenue continues
normalized energy consumption and associated GHG
to follow a downward trend achieving a reduction of 12%
emissions by 10% is monitored quarterly. A revised goal to
since our FY14 baseline.
reduce GHG emissions by 25% by the end of 2025 (25 by
Of particular note is the 16% reduction in Agilent's
25) has been set and will be reviewed annually.
site carbon footprint since FY14, a great achievement
Energy use is determined to be Agilent's most significant
considering that all of these metrics now include
environmental aspect, consuming approximately 160,000
increases in operating overheads, consumption and
MWh (575,000 GJ) in FY20 (this amounted to about 52,000
emissions from sites added to Agilent's portfolio from
MT of Agilent's scope 1 + 2 greenhouse gas emissions).
the beginning of FY20.
Consumption is primarily from the use of electricity
(indirect) and gas or fuel oil for heating or on-site electricity
generation (direct). Energy consumption is tracked
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
74 6 12 13 15 75Our environment
Energy consumption within the organization Energy consumption outside of the organization
Consumption by fuel type (renewable) 2020 2019 2018 Non-renewable energy categories/activities 2020 2019 2018
(metric tonnes of CO2e)
On-site solar power generation (Gigajoules-GJ) 16,867 6,809 5,501
Upstream: employee commuting 7,644 10,031 7,378
Upstream: transportation and distribution 101,453 139,715 122,469
Consumption by fuel type (Non-renewable) 2020 2019 2018
(Gigajoules-GJ)
Upstream: business travel 6,173 19,255 23,742
Natural gas 173,305 143,273 117,033
Total external non-renewable 115,270 169,001 153,589
energy consumption
Diesel fuel 304 1,323 3,584
Data from Fleet is applicable only for U.S. employee commuting. Air/rail data includes worldwide employee business
Propane 2,167 1,961 1,359
travel. COVID-19 travel restrictions in FY20 led to a significant reduction in business travel.
Total consumption from non-renewable 175,776 146,557 121,976
fuel sources In FY20, we are reporting:
• Global Air/Rail business travel = 6,173 MT CO2e
Energy consumed (Gigajoules-GJ) 2020 2019 2018 • Commuting TOTAL = 7,644 MT CO2e
• Commuting Fleet = 6,911 MT (USA only)
Electricity 353,851 360,166 365,251
• Commuting (Rental) = 733 MT (Global)
Heating 20,671 19,693 45,781
Total energy consumption 374,522 379,859 411,032
Total energy consumed (Gigajoules-GJ) 2020 2019 2018
Overall total energy consumption 567,165 533,225 538,509
The Frederick and Lexington sites have now been added to the site utilities portfolio which has increased the overall
Scope 1 and Scope 2 energy consumption metrics
7766 77Our environment
Reductions in energy requirements
of products and services
Logistics emission
Agilent is improving the energy efficiency of selected
Scope 3 Emissions tCO2e FY20 FY19 FY18 products/product families, including instruments with
high energy consumption. Associated benefits for this
FedEx 9,120 12,738 10,124 sustainability focus include reductions in carbon footprint,
water use, waste and chemicals.
DHL Freight and 37,034 46,056 41,278
Most of the energy savings achieved are based on two
Forwarding
key factors:
DHL Express tCO2e 8,002 7,438 6,864 • The increased type and volume of tests that can be
conducted, thus increasing tests per watt.
kWe tCO2 47,297 73,483 64,203
• Enhanced existing product features, thus bringing
more measurement capabilities to the same product
footprint.
We have a list of best examples for products reducing
Energy intensity energy consumption:
• Intuvo 9000 GC
2020 2019 2018
• 5800/5900 ICP-OES
• 8700 LDIR
Numerator (kWh) 159,781,314 146,060,472 144,610,893
• Cary 3500 UV-Vis
Denominator (sq ft) 3,990,082 3,812,399 3,812,399 • TwisTorr 305 turbo pumps
Agilent provides solutions for the environmental
Energy Intensity kWh/sq ft 40.04 38.31 37.93
measurement market and helps customers in areas like air
analysis and monitoring, environmental exposure, water
analysis as well as the analysis of soils, sludges
and sediments.
Reduction of energy consumption Agilent will continue to look for opportunities to improve the
environmental performance of our products as part of the
Energy reduction from projects 2020 2019 2018 continuous improvement strategy of our EHS management
system (ISO 14001 certificate) and the commitment to
Electricity reduction (GJ) from projects 12,992 3,107 28,841 a sustainable future. For more information, please see
commenced during the financial year Agilent Sustainability Innovation’s New Frontier.
7788 7799Our environment
Water and effluents
Water use has been identified as one of Agilent's globally A target of a 20% reduction in normalized municipal water
significant environmental aspects. Targets to monitor and consumption over the next 10 years from a FY14 baseline
reduce municipal water usage where possible are tracked has been established.
on a quarterly basis and reported to senior management.
The normalized reduction (by total operational square foot
Trends are validated and any remedial action was taken as
and by site headcount) was 12% and 26% respectively at
necessary to meet expectations.
the end of FY20, against a reduction target of 12%.
Water withdrawal
Water withdrawal 2020 2019 2018
1000 m3
Ground water 119 136 157
Municipal water supplies 307 347 341
or other water utilities
Total water withdrawal/ 426 483 498
consumption
Normalized withdrawal 0.121 0.137 0.141
(m3/site sq ft)
Total municipal water consumption compared to FY14 baseline
Global Americas Asia Pacific Europe
Normalized: m3/ -12% +2% -28% -3%
square footage
Normalized m3/ -26% -12% -42% -16%
headcount
Groundwater is extracted from our sites in Turino (Italy) making this a global total groundwater withdrawal of
(110,234 m3) and Manesar (India) (9,276 m3). about 119,000 cubic meters.
Agilent sites do not withdraw water from sources that are No noted significant water recycling has been noted for
significantly affected by withdrawal. FY19 that is significant and measurable. Many sites have
internal recycling processes in place (e.g., reuse of water
Most of our manufacturing site water comes directly from
for toilet facilities or recycling within various internal
the city water supply. However, the following sites draw
production operations) but is not currently measured
some water from the local aquifer: Manesar; Torino. Of
and reported.
those sites, Manesar withdrew about 9,000 cubic meters,
and Torino withdrew about 110,000 cubic meters in FY20,
80 81Our environment Delivering on our Promises
Emissions
Direct emissions are associated with heating or on-site Agilent commissioned renewable energy projects in FY20 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
electricity generation only. This aspect is considered to leading to an expected annual grid electricity saving of
be among the most significant of Agilent Environmental about 3,600 MWh (13,000 GJ) with a corresponding GHG Emissions in metric tons of CO2e 2020 2019 2018
Aspects, being incorporated in the energy reporting emissions reduction of about 2795 MT of CO2.
Gross location-based indirect (Scope 2) GHG 41,705 39,735 54,350
sections. Manesar, India is the only site where there is
The energy consumed in FY20 of approximately 160,000
emissions
routine generation of electricity using kerosene/diesel fuels.
MWh (525,000 GJ) amounts to about 52,000 MT of
Agilent's only direct Scope 1 emissions arise from the greenhouse gases. Consumption and carbon emissions Total direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 10,961 9,192 7,518
on-site combustion of fuel for heating or local electricity are primarily from the use of electricity (indirect) and gas or
generation. The associated consumption as well as fuel oil for heating or on-site electricity generation (direct). Total (Scope 1) + (Scope 2) GHG emissions 52,666 48,927 61,868
improvements to operational efficiency are included in the Carbon emissions are tracked quarterly and normalized by
Energy reporting sections. the operating footprint (in sq ft) and by headcount.
Source of emissions factors and the GWP rates used: Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions categories
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
and activities included in the calculation:
Latest available data on the Jan. 1, 2020 - ref: IEA 2019
GHG emissions in metric 2020 2019 2018 Report and US EPA eGRID 2018 Data 1. Energy consumption (electricity, natural gas, kerosene,
tons of CO2e propane)
Standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation
tools used for Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions: 2. Inbound and outbound logistics
Gross direct (Scope 1) 10,961 9,192 7,518
• Defra Voluntary Reporting Guidelines 3. Employee business travel
GHG emissions
• Energy Information Administration 1605(b) 4. U.S. fleet program
Direct (Scope 1) GHG 2020 2019 2018 • IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas
Standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or
emissions by gas (CO2e) Inventories, 2006
calculation tools used for indirect (Scope 3)
• US EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule GHG emissions:
CO2 9,380 7,693 6,317
1. Latest available data on the Jan. 1, 2020 - ref: IEA 2019
CH4 252 239 191 Report and US EPA eGRID 2018 Data
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
2. For stationary fuel consumption (i.e., natural gas) Defra
N2O 1,329 1,260 1,010
2015 standards are used. Details are available at http://
GHG emissions 2020 2019 2018
Standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation tools used for direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions: in metric tons www.ukconversionfactorscarbonsmart.co.uk/.
CO2e
• Defra Voluntary Reporting Guidelines Additional comments:
• Energy Information Administration 1605(b) Gross and other 115,270 169,001 153,589 1. Agilent FY14 Scope 3 emissions given above comprised
indirect (Scope 3) 28,184 metric tons CO2 (logistics), 21,131 metric tons
• IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, 2006 GHG emissions
CO2 equivalent ( business travel ) and 6,862 MT related
• US EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule
to fleet/commuting.
• Electricity and Gas:
• Latest available data on the Jan. 1, 2020 - ref: IEA 2019 Report and US EPA eGRID 2018 Data
• Stationary fuel consumption: 2012 Defra
• Global warming potential: IPCC Report
82 83Our environment Delivering on our Promises
Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)
GHG emissions intensity Agilent does not use, produce, import or export Ozone • The small quantities of ODSs contained in some
Depleting Substances (ODS) prohibited under the Montreal of Agilent’s analytical standards comply with
Scope 1+2 CO2e 2020 2019 2018 2014 Estimated Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer. international legislation for their manufacture, use
Baseline* Agilent uses very small amounts in the formulation of and product labeling.
analytical standards which are largely used as references
• Agilent Technologies modifies its program as needed
GHG emissions 0.01320 0.01283 0.01623 0,0169
by analytical labs in the pursuit of their detection in
to address amendments to the Montreal Protocol, U.S.,
intensity ratio: MT
the environment.
European and other international requirements.
of CO2e per site
• Agilent Technologies eliminated chlorofluorocarbons
square footage • Guidance for eliminating and managing the use of
(CFCs), carbon tetrachloride and 1,1,1-trichloroethane
ODSs at Agilent sites is contained in the Agilent ODS
*Number estimated following the Agilent-Keysight business separation. use in worldwide manufacturing processes during 1993.
Elimination Guideline.
Our emissions intensity numbers represent the metric tons of emissions, per square foot of our sites. • Agilent has also eliminated Class I, II and III ODSs
in its air conditioning systems, process chillers and
To determine that metric, we divide greenhouse gas emissions by site square footage. Our 2014 intensity
environmental chambers. Procurement practices are in
data serves as our baseline.
place to prevent the inadvertent reintroduction of ODSs
into processes where they have been eliminated.
• Under Agilent’s product supplier agreements, suppliers
warrant that goods and their packaging shall comply
Reduction of GHG emissions
with applicable environmental, health and safety laws,
rules and regulations, including Agilent’s General
2020 2019 2018
Specification for the Environment (GSE).
Total GHG reductions (metric tons CO2e) 2,795* 492 5,700
*Projects commenced in FY20 and due to be operational in
early FY21: expected CO2e reduction (MT)
Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx) and other significant air emissions
Initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, including the areas where the initiatives were implemented: 2020 2019 2018
Annualized reductions are theoretically based on the predicted reduction in electricity usage as a direct result of GHG
NOx emissions (MT) for Scope 1 1,329 1,260 1,010
reduction projects in FY20. The 2795 MT GHGe quoted is the total expected annualized reduction in usage and not the
actual total realized in FY20 as these projects were completed over the duration of FY20 and early in FY21.
NOx intensity. Factored against base figure: MT / sq ft 0.000333 0.000330 0.000265
Source of emission factors used:
• Stationary fuel consumption: 2012 Defra
• Global warming potentials: IPCC Report
• Latest available data on the Jan. 1, 2020 - ref: IEA 2019 Report and US EPA eGRID 2018 Data.
84 85Our environment
Effluents and waste
Waste by type and disposal method
Waste is identified as one of Agilent's
Method of disposal and weight (metric tons) of 2020 2019 2018
significant environmental aspects.
non-hazardous waste
Waste management objectives and
Reuse 0 0 0
targets are listed in Agilent's Global ISO
Recycling 1,797 1,915 4,027
14001 program. Performance criteria
are reviewed every quarter with any Composting 154 388 242
adjustment to the metrics or program
Recovery (including energy recovery) 0 0 0
made on an annual basis.
Incineration (mass burn) 352 374 256
In FY20, the overall global solid waste diversion
from landfill goal was 95% and Agilent diverted 90% from Deep well injection 0 0 0
landfill. Landfilled waste comprised only of solid waste
Landfill 261 470 326
(2.7% of total) and no hazardous waste was landfilled.
Waste objectives for FY21 include a continued focus on a
On-site storage 0 0 0
reduction in hazardous waste at three of Agilent's largest
hazardous waste generation sites by 10%.
Total weight of non-hazardous waste disposed 2,564 3,147 4,851
Water discharge by quality and destination
Water discharge is not tracked separately and is almost
directly linked to the site water consumption. Some sites
do have small waste treatment facilities where
Method of disposal and weight (metric tons) of 2020 2019 2018
wastewater is discharged and subject to strict compliance hazardous waste
expectations. More concentrated aqueous wastes are
collected separately and disposed appropriately as Reuse 0 0 0
hazardous wastes.
Recycling 1,507 1,614 1,543
Composting 0 0 0
Recovery (including energy recovery) 0 0 0
Incineration (mass burn) 2,833 981 614
Deep well injection 0 0 0
Landfill 0 0 0
On-site storage 0 0 0
Treated 2,837 2,378 2,227
Total weight of non-hazardous waste disposed 7,177 4,973 4,384
Total weight of non-hazardous and hazardous 9,741 8,120 9,235
waste disposed
86 86 87Our environment
Significant spills nearing this absolute target. Focus on reducing hazardous
In FY20, there were no significant spills at Agilent sites or wastes continues with highest contributors being targeted
caused by Agilent operations. for reductions.
Transport of hazardous waste The management approach and its components
Currently, we do not have any transboundary waste Agilent's Environmental, Health and Safety policy (EHS)
shipments under the Basel Convention. outlines a fundamental corporate commitment to
reductions in pollution (emissions) and conservation of
Water bodies affected by water resources (energy) and drives operations to meet long term
discharges and/or runoff
environmental sustainability goals.
No water bodies and related habitats are impacted by any
A target of a 20% reduction in normalized municipal water
discharges of water or runoff by Agilent’s operations.
consumption over the next 10 years from a FY14 baseline
has been established.
Environmental compliance
Performance criteria are reviewed every quarter with any
Agilent operates an Environmental Management adjustment to the metrics or program made on an annual
System (EMS) that conforms to the requirements of basis, or more frequently, if necessary.
ISO 14001:2015 and strategic sites operate under a single
Since we declared our commitment to sustainability
companywide externally endorsed certificate. The EMS
in 2000, the company has continued to improve its
provides a structure for identifying and mitigating Agilent's
sustainability performance in all areas. In FY20, Agilent
environmental risks. The systematic identification of
reported zero alleged regulation compliance violations and
its significant aspects and impacts, implementation of
accordingly there were no monetary fines or penalties.
controls, measurement of performance and the setting of
improvement objectives ensures that Agilent continues to
operate in an environmentally sustainable manner.
A key part of this process is the identification of significant
environmental aspects and impacts.
Agilent has identified energy use as one of its significant
and most material environmental impacts. Approximately
80% of Agilent's site energy footprint is reported from the
sites that are included in its annual analysis of energy use
and carbon emissions.
Similarly, water use has been identified as one of
Agilent's globally significant environmental aspects.
Targets to monitor and reduce municipal water usage
where possible are tracked on a quarterly basis and
reported to senior management.
Waste arisings have also been identified as one of Agilent's
significant environmental aspects. Agilent has endeavored
to divert 95% of its global solid waste from landfill and is
88 89Stories from COVID-19
Agilent CTO
expands STEM
education reach:
Darlene Solomon
Darlene Solomon, chief technology officer, was elected a “Serving as a Distinguished Lecturer has provided a great
Distinguished Lecturer for the Institute of Electrical and opportunity to encourage these very talented university-
Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Engineering in Medicine and level students to continue to pursue their passion for
Biology Society (EMBS) in late 2019. IEEE is the world’s Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) and
largest technical professional organization dedicated to relentlessly seek out new ways to advance the quality of
advancing technology for the benefit of humanity. The life,” said Solomon. “I’m thrilled that virtual events have
EMBS group within IEEE focuses on cutting edge trends allowed us to greatly expand the number of students we
and developments in biomedical engineering. can reach through this IEEE program.”
Pre-pandemic, the intent was for Distinguished Lecturers to Solomon’s keynote lectures are most often focused on
attend and present at one or two conferences per year. But “Life Science Megatrends Shaping Our Future.” She explains
COVID-19 forced the move to virtual meetings. how the technology and market drivers of the 21st century
are rooted in our advancing understanding of biology, in
As a result, Solomon was able to accept numerous
contrast to what had been previously based on the physical
keynote invitations, speaking at multi-university, student-
sciences. Precision medicine, oligonucleotide therapeutics
led conferences around the world, including an event
and the digital lab are a few of the areas she highlights,
hosted by the University of Moratuwa, Sri Lanka’s leading
and which have consistently generated the strongest
technological higher education institute, as well as IEEE
student interest.
student conferences in Portugal, Canada and Turkey. Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
90 91 8 9Delivering on our Promises
Customer health
and safety
Agilent Technologies Product Safety & Regulations Policy environmental aspects and impacts of our products as
has been integrated into the Agilent Quality Policy. At demonstrated by Agilent’s ISO 14001 certificate, which is
Agilent, we define quality as customer-perceived value. regularly audited by an external party.
We know our customers want the best return on their
Agilent did not receive any regulatory non-compliance
investment. That’s why we ensure, through our Quality
notices for the reporting period.
Management System (QMS), that our products and
services are delivered to the level and quality our
Marketing and labeling
customers expect.
Agilent complies with required labeling for substance
Our QMS is built upon a Quality Policy aligned with
identification in our products in accordance with required
our customer expectations: Agilent will earn customer
regulations, and safe use guidance for products produced
loyalty by providing trusted answers through continuous
by Agilent. Agilent follows document processes to assess
improvement of products and services, and interactions of
the labeling requirements of our products and services for
the highest quality and greatest value.
compliance with these guidelines.
To achieve this result, we will:
Requirements for product and service
• Ensure that all of our products comply with applicable
information and labeling
safety and regulatory requirements.
Annually Agilent communicates materials specifications
• Ensure our products meet or exceed their published
through the “General Specifications for Environment” sent
specifications.
to its suppliers to inform them of banned chemicals/
• Maintain and continually improve the effectiveness materials that should not be included in material/parts/
of our product and service business management products bought by Agilent, to ensure compliance with
systems to conform at a minimum to ISO 9001 Quality global regulations, and to minimize the environmental
Management Standard or more stringent or legally impact of its products and operations. Agilent also provides
required standards as dictated by specific markets. Material Safety Data Sheets with Agilent and third party-
provided chemicals supplied standalone or with products
• Continually monitor and improve customers’
for safe use. Agilent and OEM products and battery labels
total experience.
include a waste container symbol for proper disposal.
• Establish quality requirements for suppliers, partners
The company also operates an end-of-life customer
and contractors and hold them accountable to comply.
returns system. In addition, Agilent provides end-of-life
• Treat customers in accordance with Agilent’s Standards
management options where legally required. Reuse
of Business Conduct and Privacy policies.
programs are offered for selected Agilent products. The
programs address the requirements posed by the European
Assessment of impacts of product and service
categories WEEE (Waste from Electrical & Electronic Equipment)
Directive. Please see Agilent’s Take Back Program.
Agilent’s quality and environmental policies mandate
that we provide products and services that meet legal Agilent had no incidents of non-compliance regarding
and regulatory requirements, including applicable products or non-compliance issues regarding labeling. In
environmental, health and safety standards. Agilent addition, Agilent did not have any non-compliance incidents
is committed to a continuous improvement of the for product-related claims during the reporting period.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
92 3 93Customer health and safety
Customer privacy
At Agilent, protecting the privacy of our employees and complemented by dedicated Privacy Champions in each
customers is critical to our success. We treat the collection function, responsible for acting as the voice of privacy
and use of personal data with sensitivity and in accordance in their area. We have leveraged and expanded these
with applicable laws and regulations. Data privacy is processes to address newly emerging privacy regulations
embedded in every aspect of our business. Our global across the globe.
privacy program focuses on ensuring that our policies,
Agilent has an ongoing privacy program and full details
processes and operations meet the demands placed on us
of how we treat personal data which can be found in our
by customers, employees, regulators and most of all, our
privacy statement here. Agilent has appointed a Data
own commitment to the protection of personal data. This
Protection Officer to comply with the requirements of the
includes a continued focus on expanding our program in
GDPR and to safeguard Agilent’s ongoing commitment
light of newly emerging regulations such as Brazil’s General
to protecting personal data. If you have any questions
Data Protection Law ― Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados and
on Agilent’s privacy program, please contact our Data
the California’s Consumer Privacy Act.
Protection Officer at data-protection.officer@agilent.com.
In 2018, Agilent successfully implemented a
Agilent is unaware of any complaints regarding breaches
comprehensive program to comply with the EU General
of customer privacy or loss of data. Agilent’s global privacy
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We completed a
program has implemented new policies and procedures
thorough analysis of how and where we collect, process
to address GDPR as well as newly emerging privacy
and store personal data, and updated our standard
regulations across the globe, including but not limited to
operating procedures, policies and processes as necessary
updated incident reporting procedures.
in order to comply with the new GDPR requirements.
We designed new processes, including Data Subject
Requests and Data Protection Impact Assessment
Processes, to address new obligations under the GDPR,
which will enable us to help our customers, as needed,
for them to comply with their obligations under the GDPR.
Agilent personnel received training on GDPR requirements
and on Agilent’s obligations as both a data controller and
data processor.
To further embed privacy in every aspect of our
business, Agilent established a Data Privacy Board with
senior management across the entire business,
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
94 94 3 8 10 95The One Agilent
experience
Diversity & inclusion
Agilent rethinks the nonprofit committed to challenging racial injustice, ending experiences that don’t always reflect the Agilent values. meeting, virtually, in January 2021. The group now
Black employee experience mass incarceration and protecting the human rights of Some comments also applied to other underrepresented has nearly 200 members, including managers and
some of society’s most vulnerable people. groups at Agilent. We obviously still have work to do here,” employees.
2020 will long be remembered as the year of both the
Wright said.
• They have developed plans for activities to improve the
COVID-19 pandemic and widespread racial and social Asking employees for insights
“But many good learnings and suggestions came from Black experience at Agilent, inviting all employees and
unrest in the U.S. The death of African American George McMullen also understood
these meetings. We’re taking those learnings and moving allies to participate, learn and support their cause.
Floyd, killed at the hands of a white police officer, was that it was important to
forward, addressing issues and making changes to ensure
captured on video and shared, touching off nationwide begin a dialogue with As a result of the Black experience focus group
that we all live up to our Agilent values, every single day.”
protests, civil unrest and international concern. Black employees to better conversations, employees have expressed interest in
President Mike McMullen quickly reached out to employees understand any concerns Participant feedback led to changes starting more Employee Network Groups, including LGBT+
in an email, saying, “I cannot remain silent.” they might have and to gain Several changes have been implemented: and Hispanic organizations.
insights on their experiences By year-end, Agilent hired an Associate Vice
He continued, “Our core values and culture couldn’t be more • All managers will be required to complete unconscious
at Agilent. Working with President, Diversity and Inclusion: Patrice Jimerson, who
at odds with the actions of the arresting police officers. bias training and apply these learnings in their daily
Chief HR Officer Dominique Grau and Erica Wright, vice brings 25+ years of expertise in Diversity and Inclusion.
I want you to know our company stands firmly against work; to date, 75% have taken this course.
president, HR Global Talent and the highest-ranking Black Learn more on the next page.
racism and injustice. Agilent is built on a foundation of
woman at Agilent, a series of focus groups were set up to • Next, all employees will be required to complete
respect, fairness and working together as ONE team. …
hear from Black employees. unconscious bias training.
Our mission is all about making the world a better place
and improving the quality of life. We can do this by being Participants were invited to speak directly to the company • The Council of Black Employees (CoBE), a new
an example of inclusion and openness to those who are CEO and members of his team, and promised complete employee network group, was launched by Black
different from us.” confidentiality and an open dialogue. For McMullen and employees who volunteered for the leadership roles
others, it was an opportunity to listen and learn. after the focus group meetings.
He announced that Agilent had made a donation of
$100,000 to the Equal Justice Initiative, a U.S. based “It was hard to hear that some Black employees have had • CoBE started organizing in 2020 and held its first
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
96 10 97The One Agilent experience
Associate vice president, Update on Employee Society for Women in Engineering (SWE)
Diversity & Inclusion hired Network Groups SWE@Agilent ENG, Agilent’s
oldest employee network
Patrice Jimerson joined Council of Black
group, focuses on building
Agilent as associate vice Employees (CoBE),
educational, personal and
president, Diversity and our newest Employee
career opportunities for anyone
Inclusion, in October 2020. As Network Group (ENG),
who identifies as female, working in engineering and other
Agilent’s global leader for D&I, was suggested by
technical careers, as well as in non-technical areas. The
Patrice will develop strategies employees participating
group participates in Society for Women in Engineering
and approaches that ensure all in focus groups about
(SWE) national and regional conferences, sharing Agilent
employees feel included and the Black experience
experiences with over 200 prospective candidates at the
respected, and their diverse at Agilent. Volunteers
2020 career fair, attending workshops and participating
perspectives are valued and appreciated. This emphasis on started organizing in 2020 and signed up for leadership
in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM)
inclusivity supports and enhances our One Agilent culture, roles, planning and conducting their first virtual meeting in
outreach activities with students. Internal activities include
where we work as a global, cross-functional, collaborative January 2021. Open to all employees, attendance at CoBE
hosting a two-day virtual conference and ongoing events
team relying on a broad set of experiences and viewpoints virtual events is growing quickly and attracting a wide
like book club meetings, networking opportunities and
to achieve the best possible results. variety of participants.
quarterly webinars.
Patrice was most recently with IT consulting company
Women@Agilent, in the
Appirio, where she served as the global diversity leader and
spirit of building a gender-
director of onboarding and engagement. She also has held
inclusive workplace, focuses
key diversity and inclusion positions at Anthem Blue Cross
on advancing the professional
Blue Shield, the nonprofit Online Computer Library Center,
and personal development
and Northrup Grumman Aerospace Systems.
of anyone identifying as
She holds a bachelor’s degree in management and
female. The group added
economics from Earlham College in Richmond, Indiana,
new chapters in Brazil and
INSPIRE, founded in Denmark, aims to help newcomers in
and has earned advanced diversity and inclusion
Spain this year. In addition, they have chapters in Australia/
particular develop global networks and further their career.
certifications from Cornell and Georgetown Universities.
New Zealand, Carpinteria, Delaware, Germany, Korea,
They have a strong buddy program to help new hires get to
Santa Clara, Singapore, a virtual global Instrument
know their local and global colleagues and also understand
Manufacturing group and our newest chapter, Women@
the business. Their extensive variety of fun and educational
Agilent – Global Community.
activities literally offers something for everyone, drawing
diverse colleagues together, especially while many worked Started in 2020, Women@Agilent – Global Community
remotely throughout the pandemic. is a virtual group, intended to bring employees from
all countries and backgrounds together to learn about
topics relevant to anyone who identifies as female in
the workplace. Meetings have ranged from candid
conversations about “Male Allyship” to senior female
leaders revealing “I Wish I Had Known” experiences and
insights from their younger career days.
With perfect timing, they launched just days before
COVID-19 led to employees switching to working
remotely. Within months, they had created an inclusive
community with more than 1,000 colleagues participating
in their quarterly webcasts, interactive discussions with
leaders and online community activities on Agilent’s
internal social platform.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
98 8 10 99The One Agilent experience Delivering on our Promises
Accelerating women in Finance: International Women’s Day:
pilot program launched Singapore unites with #EachforEqual
Annette Leder, vice president, Finance, saw an opportunity These women joined the program and were assigned On March 6, Singapore employees celebrated International
to accelerate the pace for women in Finance who aimed clear objectives and goals to achieve. The group met every Women's Day and showed their support for this year’s
to progress through the ranks. As the only female who two weeks with a talented internal coach/mentor and, theme, #EachforEqual, which calls for everyone to work
currently reports directly to the chief financial officer, she in addition, they met with many other professionals to together to achieve gender equity.
was determined to make a difference and came up with an complete “homework.”
The site’s Diversity and Inclusion pillar gave away
idea to help make that happen.
cookies baked by a local charity that supports low
Thorough evaluations set the stage for training
She did her research and used her personal experience to income women. Employees enjoyed posing while making
Participants learned about their strengths and potential
create a yearlong pilot training program that would help the “equal” sign with their arms and discussing what
areas for improvement by completing professional
build a robust pipeline of future female executives. #EachforEqual means to them.
assessments. That information was used to help tailor
Almost half the workforce at Agilent Singapore is female.
the training to meet their needs. Personal coaches
Their Leadership Survey results indicate that over 85% of
helped enhance voice and presentation skills while other
employees believe people here are treated fairly regardless
sessions addressed general leadership skills, strategic
of their age, race and sex.
thinking and more.
The first pilot program ended in June 2021 and Leder
reported that all involved would agree it’s been a great
success. “I can see that these women have grown and
learned from this experience. They’re more confident
because they know what skills are required and they’ve
started building those skills. They’re well prepared to take
on more responsibility in the future,” she said.
Participants appreciated the opportunity, telling Leder,
“We are so fortunate and thankful to have this experience –
we can’t believe our good luck!”
Next group begins
Leder has just started the process to select the second
cohort of the program with four more early career women
from the Finance team. In the future, she hopes portions of
the program can be tailored to work in other departments
where acceleration of women may be needed.
“Many leadership skills are like building blocks, so they
transfer nicely to all facets of the business,” she said. “I’m
working with Human Resources to discuss this approach
The Women’s Acceleration Program was created to help and see if, in the long run, this type of program could help
early career women who had talent and potential but us develop a more robust pipeline of Agilent women in
lacked visible opportunities to demonstrate those higher- many departments.”
level skills.
Finance senior leaders met and recommended four
women for the pilot who met Leder’s specific requirements.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
100 8 9 101The One Agilent experience
2020 Diversity &
inclusion initiatives
We sponsored career events and invested We recognize important days such as:
in mentorship programs including: • International Women’s Day – We continued to celebrate
our Employee Network Groups, particularly Society for
• Society for Women in Engineering (SWE) “People tend to think of diversity in terms of
Women in Engineering and Women@Agilent who make
• National Organization for the Professional Advancement racial and gender statistics. But at Agilent we
it possible for women to stay connected through a
of Black Chemists and Chemical Engineers (NOBCChE)
particularly tough year. recognize that representation is just one piece
• WomenHack
• National Hispanic Heritage Month – We participated in of a broader puzzle.
• Australian Indigenous Mentoring Experience (AIME) the largest virtual gathering of Hispanics in STEM.
"That’s why, to create systematic change, we are
• IGNITE Program in Australia • Disability Employment Awareness Month - For over
focusing on processes, policies, and practices, not
a decade, Agilent has been a proud partner of
• SJSU 2020 Silicon Valley Women in Engineering
Hope Services, providing employment opportunities just numbers. Otherwise we risk leaving people
• Santa Clara University's Diversity Works Expo & Fair
for those with developmental disabilities.
out of the conversation.
We continue to promote the advancement of women
leaders through programs such as Get on Board, a virtual "Agilent has always done a good job of attracting
summit helping women leaders ascend to board seats;
great talent. Today we are more committed than
G100; and Women in the C-Suite.
ever to fostering a workplace where that talent
Our Emerging Leaders Program, with 37 participants in 12
wants to be, where everyone feels equally valued
countries, offers unparalleled training opportunities to the
next generation of leaders for our company. and encouraged to thrive.
We co-sponsor the Darlene Solomon Award, which
"We know there are no shortcuts, but that’s OK –
recognizes and supports promising women scientists.
As Agilent’s Chief Technology Officer, Solomon works we’re in this for the long haul. When I consider how
closely with Agilent’s businesses to define the company’s strong our foundation is and how steadfast we
technology strategy and R&D priorities.
are in our commitment to become even better, I’m
We are partnering with organizations and universities to
certain that there has never been a more exciting
promote diversity, including HBCU Connect, the largest
time to be part of the One Agilent family.”
student and alumni organization of Historically Black
College and University supporters; Professional Diversity
Network (PDN); UC Berkeley SWE Shadow an Engineer Day; Patrice Jimerson
and Hope Services, which provides jobs for people with Associate Vice President of Diversity & Inclusion
developmental disabilities.
We implemented new recruiting and staffing tools to
enhance diversity & inclusion, like Textio, a resource to help
us further reinforce a culture of belonging by enhancing the
language we use in our job descriptions and employment
related content.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
102 8 10 103The One Agilent experience
Diversity and equal opportunity
Diversity of governance bodies
Agilent has a longstanding commitment to diversity and
inclusion and believes that a wide variety of perspectives and employees
yields richer results for customers, partners and
Agilent has 10 directors that
employees. Agilent recognizes the potential of every
serve on the board.
employee and continues to strive to make Agilent's values
a true part of the company culture. Agilent has been
recognized by Forbes as one of America's Best Employers Board members: % of total
for Diversity 2020, and by the Great Place to Work Institute
Male/female 7/3
(GPWI) as a 2020 Best Workplace in Biotechnology and
Pharmaceuticals. GPWI also honored China and Singapore Under 30 years of age 0%
on their list of Asia’s Great Places to Work.
Between 30-50 years of age 0%
Agilent’s annual Leadership Survey includes questions
related to diversity and inclusion.
Greater than 50 years of age 100%
Globally, and at various levels in the company, we monitor
gender, race, ethnicity and, in certain locations, veteran
Percentage of employees and
status and individuals with disabilities.
managers by gender:
As part of Agilent’s commitment to diversity and
inclusion, Agilent’s CEO is one of more than 2,000 CEOs Employees Managers
around the world who have joined the CEO Action for
Diversity & Inclusion to leverage their individual and Male 60.2% 69.6%
collective voices in the advancement of diversity and
Female 39.8% 30.4%
inclusion in the workplace.
We also published our second annual Diversity and Undisclosed 0.1% -
Inclusion report, which provides more detailed statistics
from 2020. The percentage of employees and
managers by age group:
Employees Managers
Under 30 years 10.2% 0.5%
of age
Between 30-50 65.3% 57.7%
years of age
Greater than 50 24.6% 41.8%
years of age
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
104 10 105The One Agilent experience Delivering on our Promises
Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men Human Rights
The following data indicates the salary ratio of men to women by employee category. The ratios shown were calculated by
Agilent acknowledges, respects, and • Ethical business conduct: Agilent’s standards of
determining the average comparative ratio (compa-ratio) of pay for men and women in each employee category, then dividing
business conduct require that business be conducted
uses the fundamental principles
the average compa-ratio for men by the average compa-ratio for women.
with honesty and reflect high ethical standards that
contained in the Universal Declaration of
Compa-ratio indicates an individual’s pay position versus the midpoint of the pay range for the assigned job. are the basis for achieving our goals. The standards
Human Rights as a guide. Agilent’s core establish clear ethical guidelines for how we do
values and culture reflect a commitment business and establish accountability. All employees are
expected to comply with these standards.
to ethical business practices and good
• Agilent Technologies’ supplier environmental and
corporate citizenship. Our policies and
social responsibility code of conduct: Agilent’s
practices require Agilent to conduct our
suppliers are required to support and promote the
business with uncompromising integrity fundamental human rights referenced in this document.
and promote human rights within the In addition, Agilent also requires supplier compliance to
company’s sphere of influence. human rights throughout their operations (including but
not limited to the operations of their own suppliers and
• Freely chosen employment: Agilent supports the any permitted sub-contractors) in accordance with the UN
elimination of all forms of forced, bonded or involuntary Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UN
prison labor. Guiding Principles).
• No Child Labor: Agilent condemns all forms of Agilent is unaware of any operations or suppliers identified
exploitation of children. Agilent will not recruit child labor as having significant risk for incidents of child labor.
and supports the elimination of exploitative child labor. Agilent conducts random on-site surveys of suppliers for
• Minimum Wages: Agilent will compensate employees compliance with Agilent’s Supplier Code of Conduct Policy.
with wages and benefits that meet or exceed the legally In cases where there are issues with adherence to Agilent’s
required minimum. supplier expectations, corrective actions are implemented
and monitored by Agilent’s third-party auditor, DEKRA.
• Working Hours: Agilent will not require employees to
work more than the maximum hours of daily labor set Employee training on human rights
by local laws. policies or procedures
• No Discrimination: Agilent supports and upholds the All Agilent employees participate in the annual required
elimination of discriminatory practices with respect to training in the standards of business conduct which
employment and promotes and embraces diversity in all outlines expectations for dealing with customers, suppliers
aspects of its business operations. Our policies prohibit and conduct in the workplace.
discrimination based on race, color, age, gender, sexual All procurement professionals, as part of standards of
Compa-ratio: Agilent salary ratio of men to women by employee category orientation, gender identity and expression, ethnicity, business conduct training, are requested to take additional
religion, disability, veteran status, national origin or any online training on environmental, health, safety and social
Group Male Female Male vs. Female protected class. responsibility, which covers human rights.
• No harsh or inhumane treatment: Agilent prohibits One hundred percent of Agilent’s purchase order
Leadership (Officers, Execs, SM) 1.00 0.99 1.01
physical abuse, harassment or the threat of either. agreements include human rights clauses and require that
Tech 0.94 0.93 1.01 Agilent will provide a safe and healthy working suppliers comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct.
environment for all of its employees.
Non-tech 0.93 0.93 1.00
• Freedom of association: Agilent respects the rights of
employees to organize in labor unions in accordance
Total global workforce 0.93 0.93 1.00
with local laws and established practice, if desired.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
106 8 10 107The One Agilent Experience
Employment and benefits Life away from work
The workforce demographics are changing in most Agilent offers a variety of benefits that recognize life events learning and virtual classroom events. To encourage
countries and the competition to attract and retain top and, when away from the job, encourage employees to rest, learning anywhere and anytime for our globally distributed
talent is increasing. Global competitiveness will not be relax, recharge and live a well-rounded life. While specific workforce, we continue to make self-paced e-learning
achieved merely by designing, manufacturing, marketing programs vary by country, examples include company available 24 hours a day/seven days a week.
and selling superior products. Agilent strives to develop holidays, flexible time off, leaves of absence and gifts to
Employees access learning opportunities in
and apply excellent global people skills around the world. celebrate life events such as marriage and the birth or
several key areas:
adoption of a child. Agilent does not have a current process
We are in tune with the changing global economic
• Onboarding and Orientation – All new employees
or future plan to track parental leave data.
marketplace and work to ensure that our policies and
participate in an onboarding experience along with a
practices support our core beliefs and values, our guiding
global orientation program to help them learn about the
principles and our goals to make Agilent a best place
organization and our culture.
to work for every employee. The company policies and
• Leadership and Executive Development programs are
practices support global diversity and inclusion and
available to support all managers across the various
work/life success. Agilent is committed to creating an
stages of their leadership development from first time
inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal
managers in our Activate for New Managers program,
opportunity employer.
to our experienced managers with our Accelerate
program, to our high potentials in our Emerging Leaders
Benefits
Program. In addition to formal learning programs for
Agilent aims to deliver a rewards portfolio that is leaders, we also offer many resources including Harvard
competitive with life sciences, diagnostics and applied Business Review resources, online articles, mentoring,
markets companies and representative of the diverse coaching and assessments.
Flexible work arrangements
industries and markets within which Agilent operates.
• Employee and Career Development programs are
Generally, part-time employees who meet minimum Agilent’s flexible work arrangements provide alternatives
grounded in our Developing@Agilent portal, a resource
requirements are eligible for the same benefits as to working Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. in the
center with videos, guided online activities, classes and
full-time employees. Benefits and eligibility requirements office. With manager approval, and business permitting,
other professional development resources available to
vary by country. employees can take advantage of a number of options to
all our employees globally. This unique training platform
Our rewards are offered to eligible employees and comply help juggle work and personal responsibilities. allows employees and managers to build leadership and
with local legal requirements. Our Total Pay program professional skills that align with their daily work and
includes base pay, variable pay, such as the One Agilent Training and development Agilent's expectations.
Bonus and Individual Performance Bonus, and sales
Agilent is committed to providing an environment in which • Library@Agilent is an online library filled with access
incentive compensation.
employees can expand their knowledge, develop new skills to many trade publications, journals and online
Pay is differentiated based on company and individual and contribute their best work. databases to enable research and scientific
performance. Benefits such as health and welfare benefits, development for all employees.
Our culture of continuous development instills in our
retirement plans and time off provide a foundation to
employees the behaviors that bring our values to life every • Function and job-specific portals to help employees
support employee well-being and financial security.
day. We encourage our people to stay up to date on current build their expertise in their technical and job-related
Stock ownership programs align employee and research and technology while enhancing current and skills. This includes all our Academy portals such as
shareholder interests. Programs include an Employee growing new skills to meet future needs. Sales Academy, Marketing Academy, Service Academy,
Stock Purchase Plan and long-term incentives such as Finance Academy and Order Fulfillment Academy.
We also put special emphasis on training managers at all
restricted stock units.
levels to effectively communicate, role model and reinforce Within each of these academies, we offer leader-led
our values and culture. This includes imparting the training to build depth and practice key skills; self-paced
importance of continuous learning in others. On average, online learning to help create a foundation and learn the
each of our employees completed over 25 hours of training basics; virtual training to help connect the foundational
each in the last year.
Training at Agilent takes several forms based on business
need: face-to-face classroom experiences, on-the-job
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
108 3 8 10 109The One Agilent experience Delivering on our Promises
In 2020, approximately 99% of our Agilent employees Occupational health and safety into consideration the nature and scale of site operations,
completed training activities with over 265,000 including manufacturing, R&D, sales and service, etc.
Agilent's Environmental Health
documented instances of training, including over 248,000 This EHSMS document is intended to be the "governing
self-paced online course completions. With over 392,000 and Safety (EHS) Policy outlines a document" to be used by Agilent employees and
hours of training consumed or delivered, employees fundamental corporate commitment contractors who have the responsibility for implementing
completed an average of 25 hours of training. programs relating to the company-wide EHSMS
to reductions in pollution (emissions),
requirements at any organizational level, e.g., Global,
In addition to structured internal learning programs, we
conservation of resources (energy),
Business, Region, Country, Geography or Site.
also offer Educational Assistance, financial and other
preventing work-related injuries,
assistance for employees to take external academic
The management approach and its components
classes or complete an academic degree program relevant including wellness programs
Global EHS develops the list of company-wide significant
to Agilent’s business needs.
contributing to the health and well-being
EHS aspects of Agilent’s for Operations and maintains
Our investment in our people’s growth is an investment of employees and driving operations to the company-wide significant aspect list. The significance
in our business and in the retention of our competitive of all aspects is based upon potential EHS impacts,
meet long term EHS goals.
advantage, our edge and our top talents. regulatory compliance implications, overall life cycle
One hundred percent of Agilent employees receive regular Agilent operates an Environmental Health and Safety implications and association with activities of concern to
performance reviews. Management System (EHSMS) that conforms to the Agilent’s interested parties. The potential for abnormal or
concepts to real-world application; self-study materials Agilent aligns with ISO 26000 standards and guidance as requirements of ISO 14001:2015 and is aligned to emergency conditions is also considered when developing
to help with reinforcement; recorded videos to learn from part of our social responsibility practices. As such, Agilent’s OHSAS 18001 and ISO 45001. Strategic sites operate the significance of the impacts and risks.
experts as well as specific processes required for the job; Labor and Employee policies and processes align with under a single company-wide externally endorsed ISO Global WPS EHS and the EHS Functional Staff periodically
and social collaboration and mentoring to support one ISO core subjects: Organizational Governance 6.2, Human 14001 certificate. The EHSMS provides a structure evaluate the company-wide significant aspects of Agilent’s
another in developing the required capabilities. Rights 6.3 and Labor Practices 6.4. for identifying and mitigating Agilent's EHS risks. The operations. The evaluation considers changes in Agilent’s
systematic identification of its significant aspects and operations, significant aspects identified by the sites and
impacts, implementation of controls, measurement of changes in external stakeholder expectations. Each EHSMS
performance and the setting of the improvement site identifies the significant EHS aspects and impacts of
Information on employees and other workers3 objectives ensures that Agilent continues to improve its operations that it can control and over which it can be
our health and safety processes. expected to have an influence. Three health and safety
Americas Asia Pacific Europe Worldwide Agilent Technologies Environmental, Health and Safety areas emphasized at Agilent’s sites: chemical management,
Total Management System (EHSMS) for Operations is a ergonomics and stress.
subset of the company wide EHS Management System
Employees - Male 3,467 3,864 2,652 9,983 Chemical management
that broadly applies to Agilent's design, development,
Operations pursues improvements to reduce chemical
manufacturing and sourcing activities worldwide. It
Employees - Female 2,355 2,317 1,611 6,283
usage and provide engineering and administrative controls
is designed to minimize adverse environmental and
to minimize the risks and impact associated with chemical
Employees - Undisclosed 5 0 7 12 occupational health & safety impacts, ensure ongoing
usage. Effective processes, controls and documentation
compliance while focusing on the needs of key
are in place. New chemical use is formally reviewed by
Total employees 5,827 6,181 4,270 16,278 stakeholders, meets the requirements of ISO 14001 and is
EHS staff and exposure assessments are completed.
aligned to ISO 45001.
Total supervised workers (non-Agilent 2,623 4,447 1,987 9,057 Regular trainings are conducted for affected personnel.
Management provides the financial, personnel and
workers; the company does not maintain Action Levels are set at 50% of regulatory exposure limits.
technical resources to implement and maintain the Agilent
gender of non-Agilent workers) Agilent’s main manufacturing and R&D sites are ISO
EHSMS for Operations and the supplier and product-related
14001:2015 certified with chemical management being
Total workforce 8,450 10,628 6,257 25,335 components of the EHSMS. This document specifically an important element in the ISO 14001 requirements.
addresses the roles and responsibilities of the teams
Initiatives on sustainability include chemical management
supporting site operations including Agilent employees
areas and are further raising awareness and continual
and contractors performing facilities management and
improvement efforts are ongoing.
3 As of Oct. 31, 2020, end of fiscal year 2020; 100% of operations included in data. support services. Sites included within the scope are
determined through systematic risk analysis and take
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
110 3 8 111The One Agilent experience Delivering on our Promises
Worker participation, consultation and communication
Over 75% of the total workforce is represented in formal joint management-worker health and safety committees.
Health and Safety committees are an integral part of EHS processes at our sites and help drive continuous improvement in
support of Agilent’s ISO certifications and Environmental, Health and Safety Management System.
As required at a country level, Health and Safety topics are included for discussion with local worker councils or trade unions.
Work-related injuries
Employee injury rate
Area of operations 2020 2019 2018
Global 0.24 0.38 0.41
Americas 0.54 0.91 1.22
Asia Pacific 0.01 0.04 0.10
Europe 0.16 0.10 0.13
Employee lost time case rates
Area of Operations 2020 2019 2018
Global 0.11 0.12 0.13
Region: America 0.19 0.28 0.23
Ergonomics
Region: AP 0.01 0.01 0.07
Office ergonomics and manual material handling represent HR / Benefits to enhance and promote Agilent wellness
a significant exposure area and are emphasized in Agilent’s programs and to further improve stress reduction and Region: EU 0.13 0.07 0.12
health and safety programs. Concerted efforts have management programs already in place. These include
been and continue to be made to provide optimal office benefits such as flexible hours, paid FTO, paid time off for Agilent does not have workers with high incidence or high risk of work-related disease.
ergonomics equipment and configurations. Training and volunteering, considerations for life events, fitness centers
assessments are required for computer use greater than and counseling. A new internal Spark website and periodic
two hours per day. Assessments are also required for communications increase awareness of the site-specific
Agilent provides a number of programs and educational Recovery Plans that address serious medical events or
manual material handling tasks and training provided and company-wide programs and benefits. Workplace
opportunities aimed at managing serious diseases and disease outbreaks (e.g., pandemic events).
for personnel with those exposures. Ergonomic program Services continues to make significant investments and
medical situations for employees as well as family and
development is overseen by a Certified Professional improvements in Agilent facilities to refresh, modernize The Agilent Human Resources and Benefits organizations
community members. Agilent EHS standards maintain
Ergonomist with sites tailoring specific elements to best fit and enhance sites with contemporary, comfortable, high- provide comprehensive healthcare plans to employee
employee exposure levels for harmful agents in the
their particular exposures. quality designs that provide attractive and inviting work and family members to assist in managing their personal
workplace well below regulatory requirements. Agilent
environments with improved spaces for collaboration, medical needs. These plans include counseling services
Stress provides training to employees as a precautionary measure
fitness and well-being. and risk-based health coaching.
Workplace stress was identified through employee surveys to prevent blood borne diseases. Agilent Workplace
and evaluations as a significant impact. Agilent initiated Services has both Emergency Action and Disaster
an Even Better Place to Work campaign partnering with
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
112 3 8 113Stories from COVID-19 Lockdown creates major challenges
The start of a pandemic isn’t the easiest time to raise
Learning about
a newborn. Soon after Shin Wu’s birth, Singapore went
into lockdown, isolating Jinho, his wife and their baby in
their home. No visits from relatives; no quick runs to the
fatherhood:
grocery store.
Then the supply shortages hit. Diapers and baby formula
Jinho Kang were hard to come by. Every week, Jinho’s mother sent a
boxful from Korea.
But despite the strains of lockdown life, Jinho was happy.
Caring for a child gave him a new sense of purpose
in life — and because he was working from home, he got
to experience precious moments he might otherwise
have missed.
“Normally, the mother takes care of the child while the
father is working outside the home,” he explained of his
culture. “Because I was working from home, I was watching
him grow and I got to play with him during my lunch hour.”
Seeing baby start to grow, change: amazing
He recalled an afternoon in early April 2020 when he heard
a playful sound coming from the room where Shin Wu
slept.
“Normally, he cries when he wakes up,” Jinho said. “We
went to open the door and he was standing in the bed. I
was like, ‘How did he do that?’”
Today, almost one year later, the stores are stocked, and
Shin Wu is learning to walk.
Early 2020 was an uncertain time as How do you learn to be a dad?
And Jinho is no longer nervous about being a dad.
news of the COVID-19 pandemic began “He told me, ‘Once you are there, you will know,’” Jinho said.
“‘You don’t need to try; you will know how to be a daddy.’” “My brain knows how to do it,” he said. “I don’t know how to
to spread.
do it, but I’m doing it!”
But Jinho wasn’t so sure.
But Jinho Kang had something else on his mind: the
“I didn’t believe it,” he said.
imminent birth of his first child.
Shin Wu was born January 8th, 2020.
“I was nervous about how to be a daddy,” said Jinho, who
As Jinho held his wrinkly new son, he had one thought.:
works in the South Asia Pacific, Japan and Korea sales
organization for Laboratory Solutions Sales and Marketing. “He looks very old — he doesn’t look human, actually,” he
“I was like, ‘I’m not ready to be a parent.’” recalled, laughing.
How was he supposed to hold the baby? Wash it? Burp it? But once the baby was cleaned and clothed, reality set in.
Jinho held his son again and cried.
Jinho confessed his panic to an Agilent colleague.
“Now I felt like this is really my baby,” he said. “I was
very happy.”
114 115Delivering on our Promises
Our communities
and our giving
Community engagement
Agilent's worldwide community
programs tangibly demonstrate the
company's values and commitment
to corporate citizenship. Around the
world, we contribute through the Agilent
Technologies Foundation, company
grants, employee volunteerism, public
policy and community partnerships
in the areas of science education and
workplace giving campaigns.
Through grants and donations, Agilent supports programs
designed to increase student interest and achievement
Foundation, up to $5,000 per year, per person, doubling the
in science education with an emphasis on populations
impact of their giving and allowing the Foundation to also
underrepresented in the technology industry. Each year,
support their preferred charities.
Agilent employees throughout the world devote thousands
The Year-Round Giving Program is available to employees
of volunteer hours to increasing student interest in science
in Canada, China, Denmark, England, Hong Kong, India,
and supporting community activities.
Japan, Scotland, Spain, Taiwan and the United States and
Agilent supports essential programs that deliver respect,
cross-border giving is allowed.
hope and solutions to communities around the world. In
In addition to the Giving Program, the Agilent Technologies
addition to making donations, Agilent volunteers help
Foundation provides grants and funding for initiatives
scores of nonprofit agencies each year during community
that enhance, enrich and support communities around
service events.
the world.
Operations with local community engagement
Agilent did not experience any new event that had a
Volunteerism is a key element of our core values and the negative impact on Agilent’s local communities.
cornerstone of our corporate citizenship efforts. Through
our Volunteer Time Off program, Agilent employees may
use up to six days of paid time off per year to support a
cause or help those in need.
Throughout the pandemic, employees raised spirits and helped those
in need by participating in virtual fundraisers like 5K runs. In Singapore,
The Agilent Year-Round Giving Program provides
employees raised money virtually to sponsor the Singapore Food
employees the opportunity to support a broad Bank’s new food vending machine. It arrived in early 2021 and now
range of nonprofit organizations in the areas of health team volunteers regularly stock the machine with healthy foods that are
available to feed the hungry at any time.
and human services, arts and culture, education and
literacy, environment and conservation, and family and
civic betterment.
Employee contributions are matched dollar-for-dollar by the Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
3 6 8 10
116 117Our communities and our giving Delivering on our Promises
Our giving
At Agilent, we are committed to
advancing the quality of life.
We do that by the very nature of our products and
services, which are built to improve health, safety and
the environment.
But we also have a long history of sharing a portion of our
earnings with those in need.
We started the Agilent Technologies Foundation in 2000,
our first full year of business as an independent company.
Since then, the Foundation has funded important initiatives,
including improved science education and the health and
safety of people and our planet.
In 2020, we gave over $9 million through the Agilent
Technologies Foundation and Agilent Technologies Inc.
In addition, our employees generously shared their time,
talents and donations.
Together, the company and our Foundation support
research grants; science, technology, engineering and math
provides detailed information about local and international
(STEM) initiatives for students from underrepresented
charitable causes and organizations.
communities; matching gifts to charities, universities
and hospitals; workplace giving campaigns; employee Volunteer Time Off program
volunteerism opportunities; and more.
Many of our employees volunteer regularly with their
favorite organizations. Our Volunteer Time Off (VTO)
Increasing employee involvement
program allows them to take up to six paid days per
This year, to make it easier for employees to give and
year for volunteer activities with organizations such as
volunteer, we launched a new giving platform. For the
nonprofits/charities (in the U.S.), non-governmental and
first time, we have a centralized resource for all giving
educational organizations.
and volunteering information and activities. Employees in
Last year, in spite of COVID-19, employees found creative
the U.S. and Canada gained access to the new Benevity
ways to help: they brought smiles and laughter to children
platform at the end of last year, and other countries will
undergoing cancer treatment in India and others trained to
launch in 2021.
administer COVID vaccines.
Improving two matching gifts programs
Agilent After School program
The Benevity giving platform allowed us to expand and
Agilent After School (AAS) is a hands-on, global volunteer
improve our very popular Year-Round Giving program
program where employees lead students to complete
for charities, adding cross-border giving and additional
our free science experiment kits. The goal: to help
payment options. Our University and Hospital Giving
underrepresented children develop a love for science,
program also added cross-border giving and additional
technology, engineering and math classes and careers.
payment options. We match employee donations of up to
$25,000 per year, per employee. Due to COVID-19, this hands-on program was put on hold
in 2020. We plan to relaunch an updated and improved
Centralized volunteering info
version of this extremely popular program when global
The Benevity platform also provides an engaging place
health conditions permit.
to find virtual, local and global volunteer opportunities
and tracks volunteer hours. In addition, the platform
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
118 3 8 10 119Research awards
Agilent awards promising researchers
The Agilent Foundation supports many causes, including
funding and/or equipment for promising researchers.
Agilent Golden Ticket
Agilent announced that biotech startup Trilogy Sciences
was awarded an Agilent Golden Ticket at LabCentral, a
leading biotech innovation hub based in Cambridge,
Massachusetts. LabCentral is a shared laboratory space
designed as a launchpad for high-potential life sciences
and biotech startups. The Golden Ticket provides funding
of one lab bench space for a year.
Trilogy Sciences’ mission is to develop life-changing
therapeutics for untreatable diseases by applying cutting-
edge chemical biology, including new methodologies to
rapidly synthesize and screen for hyper-effective drugs to
combat recurrent breast, brain and lung cancers.
Agilent Early Career Professor Award Agilent Thought Leader Award
Carl DeSelm, M.D., Ph.D., has received the 2020 Agilent Agilent also honored Professor Anurag Rathore, a scientist
Early Career Professor Award. Dr. DeSelm is an assistant at the Indian Institue of Technology (IIT) Delhi, with an
professor of Radiation Oncology at the Washington Agilent Thought Leader Award for his contributions to
University School of Medicine in St. Louis, Missouri. This the field of biopharmaceutical research and his work
year's award topic is cellular engineering and analysis—a with advanced methods for molecular characterization
field that greatly impacts Agilent customers. of biosimilars.
The DeSelm lab’s current research focuses on the The work at Prof. Rathore’s lab will focus on the best
engineering and clinical development of a new class of practices toward molecular characterization of monoclonal
cell immunotherapy, engineering Antigen Presenting Cells antibody-based biosimilars. Monoclonal antibodies include
(APC). This approach can address some of the limitations an important and growing group of biopharmaceutical
of the CAR T cell therapy in the treatment of solid tumors. drugs used to treat several diseases and conditions.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
120 8 9 121Delivering on our Promises
External assurance About this report
Agilent got DEKRA Certification's assurance statement for Agilent's 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report is
Sites in EHSMS Sites in Utilities /
2020 supplier audits. based on a combination of quantitative and qualitative
Program Energy Program
data relating to our environmental and social performance
This statement attests that DEKRA Certification can
during the fiscal year 2020 (Nov. 1, 2019, to Oct. 31, 2020).
provide reasonable assurance the claims regarding AP Hachioji
The data is recorded on a company-wide basis unless
environmental, health, safety and social responsibility
otherwise indicated. We publish our Corporate Social AP Manesar
(EHS&SR), as they relate to identified suppliers by Agilent
Responsibility Report every year and the 2020 Corporate
Technologies. In 2020 DEKRA performed global audits of
AP Mulgrave
Social Responsibility Report is prepared in accordance with
Agilent-identified suppliers. These suppliers were found to
GRI standards: core option. For the first time, we are also
be in compliance with, or have provided corrective action
AP Penang
reporting Sustainability Accounting Standards Board data.
plans to become compliant with, Agilent's stated EHS&SR
We have not made any material restatements from the
program, including but not limited to: policies regarding AP Shanghai Shanghai
prior year.
worker safety, environmental safety, Ozone Depleting
Compounds (ODC) and policies that strictly forbid and In the 2018 report, we updated our reporting from AP Singapore Singapore
prevent any and all acts of human trafficking or slavery GRI guideline 4.0 to GRI Standards. And Agilent will keep
EU Church Stretton Church Stretton
as those terms are used in the California Transparency in topic materiality assessment results based on the
Supply Chains Act of 2010, California Civil Code, section standard requirement.
EU Glostrup Glostrup
1714.43.
We report on our subsidiaries and affiliates where we
• To request a copy of the 2020 Agilent Technologies have direct operational control unless otherwise noted. EU Middelburg Middelburg
Foundation financials statements, please email Significant year-over-year changes are noted. Where
EU Torino Torino
corporate.responsibility@agilent.com. possible, we also use consistent reporting measures, such
as per square foot rather than per building or per site.
• Agilent energy, greenhouse gas emission, waste, and EU Waldbronn Waldbronn
Agilent has 21 sites that typically have a footprint of greater
water data attested by external auditor TruCost in
accordance with AA100AS (2008) type 2 moderate- than 50,000 square feet and meet the reporting criteria AM Boulder Boulder
of being ISO 14001 certified or included in Agilent's EHS
level assurance. Please see our TruCost assurance
Management System program, or those with potentially AM Carpinteria Carpinteria
statement.
high environmental impacts that are included in Agilent's
AM Cedar Creek Cedar Creek
energy and sustainability programs.
Agilent's Corporate Social Responsibility Report content AM Colorado Springs Colorado Springs
was developed in consultation with subject matter experts,
consideration of changes in external regulations impacting AM Folsom Folsom
Agilent, and evaluation of feedback from various internal
AM Frederick (FY21) Frederick
functional stakeholders. Report content was contributed by
a wide-ranging group of Agilent employees from functions
AM Lexington
such as Human Resources, Investor Relations, Corporate
Relations, Agilent Foundation, Environmental Health and AM Little Falls Little Falls
Safety Management, Agilent Laboratory, Regulatory Affairs,
Procurement and Global Sourcing. We also consulted with AM Newport Newport
leading GRI consulting organizations.
AM Santa Clara Santa Clara
The 2020 report is Agilent’s 21st Corporate Social
Responsibility Report. For questions or comments, contact
Total 18 19
us at corporate.citizenship@agilent.com.
122 123Delivering on our Promises
SASB index
Accounting Metric 2020 Disclosure Code Accounting Metric 2020 Disclosure Code
Ratio of weighted average rate of This metric is not relevant to our business and we do not consider this information HC-MS-240a. 1 Discussion of process to assess and Agilent’s Environmental Policy is to act in an environmentally responsible HC-MS-410a. 1
net price increases (for all products) to be material. However, Agilent meets all applicable laws, regulations and manage environmental and human manner in regard to our operations, products and services. Agilent employees
to the annual increase in the U.S. standards where we do business. Agilent engages with our stakeholders through health considerations associated and managers are expected to support the implementation of this policy in
Consumer Price Index consultation, surveys, ad-hoc feedback and reviews. with chemicals in products, and meet accordance with their roles and responsibilities in the organization. Of particular
demand for sustainable products relevance to product development are the following actions:
Description of how price information Agilent provides transparent and accurate pricing to our customers electronically, HC-MS-240a. 2
• Ensure our products and operations comply with relevant environmental
for each product is disclosed to by mail and through Agilent’s online ordering platforms.
legislation and regulations
customers or to their agents
• Responsibly manage the use of hazardous materials in our operations, products
and services, and promote recycling or reuse of our products.
Number of recalls issued, total units Agilent has conducted one medical device product recall that was reported HC-MS-250a.1
recalled to the FDA. The fundamentals of Agilent’s Design for the Environment (DfE) guidelines
encourage Agilent employees to think about the impact that a product has on
both the environment and society. Therefore, they should consider answering the
List of products listed in the FDA's There are no products listed in the FDA's MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human HC-MS-250a. 2 following questions:
MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products database. • What positive impacts does the product have on the environment?
Medical Products database • What are the negative impacts?
Number of fatalities related to There have been zero fatalities. HC-MS-250a. 3 Many Agilent products include innovations that have enabled their reduced
products as reported in the FDA energy use, footprint, water usage, use of hazardous materials, etc. and we are
Manufacturer and User Facility Device sponsors of organizations like My Green Lab (https://www.mygreenlab.org/) to
Experience database help us continually improve our products and the sustainability of our laboratory
customers worldwide.
Number of FDA enforcement actions There have been zero enforcement actions taken. HC-MS-250a. 4 Agilent complies with RoHS and REACH regulatory compliance for all commercial
taken in response to violations products. For reagent-based NPIs, we are using the ARCADIS form to document
of current Good Manufacturing the environmental and health considerations.
Practices (cGMP), by type
Total amount of products accepted Agilent’s pre-owned instruments program enables customers to sell, trade-in HC-MS-410a. 2
Total amount of monetary losses Agilent had no monetary losses in 2020 due to legal proceedings associated with HC-MS-270a. 1 for take-back and reused, recycled, or or recycle old instruments. Agilent’s pre-owned instruments offer exceptional
as a result of legal proceedings false marketing claims. donated, broken down by: (1) devices value to customers, come with a one-year factory warranty (the same warranty
associated with false marketing and equipment and (2) supplies as new instruments) and pass a comprehensive operational qualification and
claims performance verification to ensure risk free performance. Agilent also donates
instruments that we are no longer using to not-for-profits. Agilent does not
disclose the requested product numbers.
Description of code of ethics Agilent adheres to all applicable laws and regulations and industry standards, HC-MS-270a. 2
governing promotion of off-label use while maintaining the highest ethical standards of reporting on our marketing,
of products sales and research and development operations, as required by law. Percentage of (1) entity's facilities 1. All medical device facilities at Agilent under ISO 13485 are subject to annual HC-MS-430a. 1
and (2) Tier I suppliers' facilities audits by Notified Bodies. Non-medical facilities operating under ISO 9001 are
Agilent is committed to promoting our products responsibly and reporting about participating in third-party audit audited a minimum of once every three years by Registrars.
our business practices in a manner that promotes transparency. To ensure programs for manufacturing and 2. Agilent does not currently report the percentage of Tier 1 supplier facilities
our communication and marketing approaches uphold the highest standards, product quality participating in third-party audit programs for manufacturing or product
Agilent has a robust mandatory, company-wide training on these standards of quality. Most of our direct material suppliers are ISO 9001 certified.
communication and conduct.
Description of efforts to maintain Agilent maintains traceability though all stages of manufacturing through HC-MS-430a. 2
traceability within the distribution distribution using our ERP system. Traceability is maintained based on part
chain number, serial number and / or lot number.
124 125Delivering on our Promises
Accounting Metric 2020 Disclosure Code
Description of the management of Agilent monitors risk through a number of different processes. This includes but HC-MS-430a. 3
risks associated with the use of is not limited to:
critical materials
• Dangerous Goods are stored, transported, and disposed of based upon the
applicable Transportation and EHS regulations.
• Agilent has a Conflict Minerals Position Statement and abides by all
requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, including filing required SEC report.
• Suppliers identified through risk assessment processes are monitored and
business continuity plans are in place and reviewed annually. Agilent has a
Supplier Code of Conduct.
• For critical parts, Agilent follows additional risk processes and tracks and
monitors suppliers.
More information on our approach can be found in this CSR report.
Total amount of monetary losses Agilent had no monetary losses in 2020 due to legal proceedings associated with HC-BP-510a. 1
as a result of legal proceedings corruption and bribery.
associated with corruption and
bribery
Description of code of ethics Agilent is committed to the highest standards of business ethics and recognizes HC-BP-510a. 1
governing interactions with health that our actions can have a direct impact on patient health. Through our products,
care professionals we strive to improve patient health around the world while ensuring that our
interactions with healthcare professionals remain ethical, fair and honest The
Agilent Global Healthcare Compliance Policy governs interactions with healthcare
professionals by Agilent around the world, including marketing, medical, sales,
and research and development operations. Our Global Healthcare Compliance
Policy incorporates common legal and ethical standards from many of Agilent's
major markets, including the U.S. (AdvaMed Code) and international (MedTech
Europe Code, Japan Federation of Medical Devices Associations) and applies
them to our operations around the world. See Good Governance in this CSR report
for more information on our approach.
Activity Metric 2020 Disclosure Code
Number of units sold by product Agilent does not disclose the number of units sold by product category. HC-MS-000.A
category
126 127Delivering on our Promises
GRI content index
General Disclosure (Disclosure 102)
Organizational Profile GRI 102-41 Collective Bargaining Agreements p. 34
GRI 102-1 Name of the Organization p. 8 GRI 102-42 Identifying and Selecting Stakeholders p. 34
GRI 102-2 Activities, Brands, Products and Services p. 8 GRI 102-43 Approach to Stakeholder Engagement p. 34
GRI 102-3 Location of Headquarters p. 43 GRI 102-44 Key Topics and Concerns Raised p. 34
GRI 102-4 Location of Operations p. 44 Reporting Practice
GRI 102-5 Ownership and Legal Form p. 8 GRI 102-45 Entities Included in the Consolidated Financial Statements p. 123
GRI 102-6 Markets Served p. 59 GRI 102-46 Defining Report Content and Topic Boundaries p. 123
GRI 102-7 Scale of the Organization p. 42 GRI 102-47 List of Material Topics p. 26
GRI 102-8 Information on Employees and Other Workers p. 110 GRI 102-48 Restatements of Information p. 123
GRI 102-9 Supply Chain p. 24 GRI 102-49 Changes in Reporting p. 123
GRI 102-10 Significant Changes to the Organization and its Supply Chain p. 25 GRI 102-50 Reporting Period p. 123
GRI 102-11 Precautionary Principle or Approach p. 15 GRI 102-51 Date of Most Recent Report p. 123
GRI 102-12 External Initiatives p. 70 GRI 102-52 Reporting Cycle p. 123
GRI 102-13 Membership of Associations p. 134 GRI 102-53 Contact Point for Questions Regarding the Report p. 123
Ethics and Integrity GRI 102-54 Claims of Reporting in Accordance with the GRI Standards p. 123
GRI 102-16 GRI 102-16 Values, Principles, Standards and Norms of Behavior p. 10 GRI 102-55 GRI Content Index p. 128
Governance GRI 102-56 External Assurance p. 122
GRI 102-18 Governance Structure p. 60
GRI 102-20 Executive-Level Responsibility for Economic, Environmental and Social Topics p. 134
GRI 102-22 Composition of the Highest Governance Body and its Committees p. 60
Stakeholder Engagement
GRI 102-40 List of Stakeholder Groups p. 34
128 129Delivering on our Promises
Economic (Disclosure 200)
Economic Performance Water and Effluents
Management Approach: Economic Performance GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 63 Management Approach: Water and Effluents GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 80
GRI 201-2 Financial Implications and Other Risks and Opportunities Due to Climate Change p. 64, 135 GRI 303-1 Interactions with Water as a Shared Resource p. 80
GRI 201-3 Defined Benefit Plan Obligations and Other Retirement Plans p. 65 GRI 303-2 Management of Water Discharge-Related Impacts p. 80
GRI 201-4 Financial Assistance Received from Government p. 65 GRI 303-3 Water Withdrawal p. 80
Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 303-5 Water Consumption p. 80
Management Approach: Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 66 Emissions
GRI 203-2 Significant Indirect Economic Impacts p. 68 Management Approach: Emissions GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 82
Anti-Corruption GRI 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions p. 82
Management Approach: Anti-Corruption GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 61 GRI 305-2 Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions p. 83
GRI 205-1 Operations Assessed for Risks Related to Corruption p. 61 GRI 305-3 Other Indirect (Scope 3) GHG Emissions p. 83
GRI 205-2 Communication and Training about Anti-Corruption Policies and Procedures p. 61 GRI 305-4 GHG Emissions Intensity p. 84
GRI 205-3 Confirmed Incidents of Corruption and Actions Taken p. 61 GRI 305-5 Reduction of GHG Emissions p. 84
Anti-Competitive Behavior GRI 305-6 Emissions of Ozone-Depleting Substances (ODS) p. 85
Management Approach: Anti-Competitive Behavior GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 62 GRI 305-7 Nitrogen Oxides (NOx), Sulfur Oxides (SOx), and Other Significant Air Emissions p. 85
GRI 206-1 Legal Actions for Anti-Competitive Behavior, Anti-trust and Monopoly Practices p. 62 Effluents and Waste
Management Approach: Effluents and Waste GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 86
Environmental (Disclosure 300) GRI 306-1 Water Discharge by Quality and Destination p. 86
Energy GRI 306-2 Waste by Type and Disposal Method p. 87
Management Approach: Energy GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 75 GRI 306-3 Significant Spills p. 88
GRI 302-1 Energy Consumption Within the Organization p. 76 GRI 306-4 Transport of Hazardous Waste p. 88
GRI 302-2 Energy Consumption Outside of the Organization p. 77 GRI 306-5 Water Bodies Affected by Discharges and/or Runoff p. 88
GRI 302-3 Energy Intensity p. 78 Environmental Compliance
GRI 302-4 Reduction of Energy Consumption p. 78 Management Approach: Environmental Compliance GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 88
GRI 302-5 Reductions in Energy Requirements of Products and Services p. 79 GRI 307-1 Non-Compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations p. 88
130 131Delivering on our Promises
Social (Disclosure 400)
Employment Human Rights Assessment
Management Approach: Employment GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 108 Management Approach: Human Rights Assessment GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 107
GRI 401-1 New Employee Hires and Employee Turnover p. 138 GRI 412-2 Employee Training on Human Rights Policies or Procedures p. 107
Benefits Provided to Full-Time Employees that are Not Provided to Significant Investment Agreements and Contracts That Include Human Rights Clauses
GRI 401-2 p. 108 GRI 412-3 p. 107
Temporary or Part-Time Employees or That Underwent Human Rights Screening
GRI 401-3 Parental Leave p. 109 Local Communities
Occupational Health and Safety Management Approach: Local Communities GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 116
Management Approach: Occupational Health and Safety GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 111 Operations with Local Community Engagement, Impact Assessments
GRI 413-1 p. 116
and Development Programs
Worker Participation, Consultation and Communication on
GRI 403-4 p. 113
Occupational Health and Safety Operations with Significant Actual and Potential Negative Impacts
GRI 413-2 p. 116
on Local Communities
GRI 403-9 Work-Related Injuries p. 113
Customer Health and Safety
GRI 403-10 Work-Related Ill Health p. 113
Management Approach: Customer Health and Safety GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 93
Training and Education
GRI 416-1 Assessment of the Health and Safety Impacts of Product and Service Categories p. 93
Management Approach: Training and Education GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 109
Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning the Health and Safety Impacts
GRI 416-2 p. 93
GRI 404-1 Average Hours of Training Per Year Per Employee p. 110
of Products and Services
GRI 404-2 Programs for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance Programs p. 109
Marketing and Labeling
Percentage of Employees Receiving Regular Performance
Management Approach: Marketing and Labeling GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 93
GRI 404-3 p. 110
and Career Development Reviews
GRI 417-1 Requirements for Product and Service Information and Labeling p. 93
Diversity and Equal Opportunity
GRI 417-2 Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning Product and Service Information and Labeling p. 93
Management Approach: Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 104
Customer Privacy
GRI 405-1 Diversity of Governance Bodies and Employees p. 104
Management Approach: Customer Privacy GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 94
GRI 405-2 Ratio of Basic Salary and Remuneration of Women to Men p. 106
Substantiated Complaints Concerning Breaches of Customer Privacy
GRI 418-1 p. 95
Child Labor
and Losses of Customer Data
Management Approach: Child Labor GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 107
GRI 408-1 Operations and Suppliers at Significant Risk for Incidents of Child Labor p. 107
132 133Delivering on our Promises
Membership of associations Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change
Agilent participates in trade, industry and professional organizations that are local, national and global. Participation helps us
Type Catalog Description Impact Finance Methods Used to Costs of Action
achieve business and citizenship goals by enabling us to work with other companies on common issues. Memberships also Description Implications Manage Risk or
keep Agilent abreast of industry issues and best practices and provide vehicles which allow us to contribute our expertise and Opportunity
inform public policy. Examples of these memberships are:
Risk Regulatory Emission reporting We have considered the impact Increased Monitor regulatory Presently $5-10,000
obligations of current and proposed US operational cost. developments per year for
EPA CO2 regulations. Currently, and compliance management
American Physical Society American Society of Quality ANS AOAC International Boston College Center for Agilent falls below the threshold obligations. resources.
Corporate Citizenship requirement that would obligate Estimated financial
us toward a major mitigation or implication for non-
financial remediation. compliance $50,000
Category and Sourcing Cold Spring Harbor Center for Bioanalytic CEO Action: 2018 CEO Engineering Advisory Board, Increased reporting obligations - 150,000 USD/year.
Managers Executive (CASME) Laboratories Meetings and Metrology Action Pledge for Diversity & College of Engineering, UC would create additional financial
Courses Program Inclusion Berkeley expense for Agilent.
Engineering Biology Research Government-University- Ignited (formerly IISME) Institute of Electrical and International Genetically Risk Regulatory Cap and trade Since April 2010 Agilent's Reduction or Monitor and Estimated financial
Consortium (EBRC) Industry Research Roundtable Electronics Engineers Engineered Machine (iGEM) schemes Hachioji site in Japan has been disruption in compliance implication for non-
(GUIRR) under the Tokyo Cap-and-Trade production capacity. obligations and compliance could be
scheme. Non-compliance with Agilent's emissions. $10,000 – $50,000.
the scheme would result in a
IPC lsoStanford Interdisciplinary MedTech Europe National Academy of National Association for
fine. The last compliance period
Life Sciences Council Engineering Environmental Managers
ended in 2019 and Agilent
(NAEM)
emitted less than the emissions
allowance.
National Minority New York Academy of OPC Foundation Responsible Minerals Society for Laboratory
Development Council Sciences Initiative (RMI) Automation and Screening
Risk Physical Change in Increased precipitation and Reduction or Developed business Presently $10,000-
(SLAS)
mean (average) extreme weather events disruption in continuity plans. $50,000 per year
precipitation (including fire risk due to production or for management
Society of Vacuum Coaters Society of Women Engineers SystemX Technology Services Industry TechUK drought) pose a risk to Agilent service capability. resources.
Association by disrupting business activities Estimated financial
in many areas, including implication for
transportation of goods and business disruption
Women's Business Enterprise services, physical impact to could be several
National Council (WBENC) our office and manufacturing million dollars.
operations, and disruption to
our customers. In addition, our
Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental and social topics employees have exposure to the
same risks.
Responsibility Position or Title Level from Board Level from CEO
Risk Physical Sea level rise Flooding of Agilent owned or Reduction or Developed business Estimated financial
leased offices, manufacturing disruption in continuity plans. implication for
Overall reponsibility for corporate Vice President, Workplace Services 3 2 facilities or warehouses. production capacity. business disruption
social reponsibility and could be in the
sustainability $100,000s.
Opportunity Regulatory Air pollution limits As air pollution limits and other Increased demand Monitor regulatory Incremental sales
Vice President, Global Communications and Public 3 2
forms of regulations drive the for existing products obligations and opportunity could be
Affairs
consumer market in the direction and services. target applicable in the $100,000s.
of more renewable energy, customer base.
Agilent will have an opportunity
Environmental issues Vice President, Workplace Services 3 2 to provide measurement
equipment to the air and
emissions monitoring markets.
Risk management Director, Global Security 4 3 Agilent manufactures equipment
to accurately measure air
pollution and monitor air.
Supply chain social responsibility Senior Director, Global Sourcing 3 2
Risk/ Physical Change in average Change in average temperature Increased demand Monitor regulatory Incremental sales
Human rights issues Senior Vice President, Human Resources 2 1
Opportunity temperature will drive the demand for more for renewable power. obligations and opportunity could be
electrical power, and Agilent Increased demand target applicable in the $100,000s.
Labor issues Employment Law Control 3 2 will consider sourcing more for air emissions customer base.
renewable energy in pursuit monitoring and
of reducing Agilent's carbon other Agilent
Diversity and employment equity Associate Vice President, 3 2
footprint. products.
Diversity and Inclusion
134 135Delivering on our Promises
Type Catalog Description Impact Finance Methods Used to Costs of Action
Description Implications Manage Risk or
Opportunity
Risk Markets Shift to renewable Reduction in product and service Reduction in sales Track the market Incremental impact
energy demand. demand from Agilent's fossil $'s from both shift and adjust could be in the
fuel and associated chemically products and products and $100,000s.
intensive customers as supply servicing from the services as
shifts to the renewable sector. fossil fuel and petro- to mitigate
chemical customers. and capitalize
on emerging
opportunities.
Opportunity Markets Shift to lower Increased demand for air Increase in sales $'s Track the market Incremental sales
carbon-based and chemical analysis from from both products and customer shift opportunity could be
chemical industries. customers engaged in the and servicing and adjust products in the $100,000s.
pursuit of more sustainable from customers in and services
operations, products and lower the chemical and and capitalize
carbon footprints. analysis sectors. on emerging
opportunities.
Opportunity Reputation Reputation as Agilent is committed to a Increased demand Continued focus Agilent's brand
a sustainable sustainable future and is for existing products on proactively differentiation has
company. proactively working to minimize and services. managing Agilent's the potential for
its impact on climate change. sustainability incremental sales
Agilent sees consumer and program, improving dollars.
customer awareness of our our environmental
corporate environmental stewardship and
stewardship as an opportunity communicating the
to differentiate itself from our results to external
competitors and to attract and shareholders and
retain employees. employees.
136 137Delivering on our Promises
New hires and employees leaving employment4
Regions Age group Gender Rate - New hires Rate - Employees leaving Regions Age group Gender Rate - New hires Rate - Employees leaving
employment employment
Global under 30 male 3.5% 1.4% Asia Pacific under 30 male 1.5% 0.4%
between 30-50 male 4.8% 3.1% between 30-50 male 1.8% 1.3%
over 50 male 0.8% 1.8% over 50 male 0.1% 0.2%
under 30 female 2.3% 1.1% under 30 female 0.6% 0.3%
between 30-50 female 3.3% 2.2% between 30-50 female 1.3% 0.7%
over 50 female 0.5% 1.1% over 50 female 0.01% 0.1%
under 30 undisclosed 0.04% 0.02% under 30 undisclosed 0.01% -
between 30-50 undisclosed 0.1% 0.01% between 30-50 undisclosed 0.01% -
over 50 undisclosed 0.01% 0.01% over 50 undisclosed - -
Europe & Middle East under 30 male 1.1% 0.5% Americas under 30 male 1.0% 0.4%
between 30-50 male 1.1% 0.7% between 30-50 male 1.9% 1.1%
over 50 male 0.1% 0.6% over 50 male 0.6% 1.0%
under 30 female 1.0% 0.4% under 30 female 0.7% 0.4%
between 30-50 female 1.0% 0.8% between 30-50 female 1.0% 0.7%
over 50 female 0.2% 0.3% over 50 female 0.3% 0.7%
under 30 undisclosed - - under 30 undisclosed 0.03% 0.02%
between 30-50 undisclosed 0.02% 0.01% between 30-50 undisclosed 0.03% -
over 50 undisclosed - 0.01% over 50 undisclosed 0.01% -
4 Percentages of new hires/employees leaving employment by age group and gender are derived from
actual year-end employee headcount of 16,278.
138 139©Agilent Technologies, Inc. 2020
www.agilent.com