COMPENSATION COMMITTEE CHARTER
AMENDED AND RESTATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 22, 2010
I. COMPOSITION AND QUALIFICATIONS
The Compensation Committee (the “Committee”) of the Board of Directors shall be comprised
of three or more members of the Board of Directors, each of whom is determined by the Board
of Directors to be “independent” under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
(“NYSE”). Additionally, no director may serve unless he or she (i) is a “Non-employee Director”
for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (ii)
satisfies the requirements of an “outside director” for purposes of Section 162 (m) of the Internal
Revenue Code.
II. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL
The members of the Committee shall be appointed by the Board of Directors and shall serve until
such member’s successor is duly elected and qualified or until such member’s earlier resignation
or removal. The Board of Directors may remove the members of the Committee, with or without
a majority vote.
III. DUTIES
The duties of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors are as follows:
1. Discharge the Board of Directors’ responsibilities to the stockholders, potential
stockholders and investment community relating to the compensation of the Company’s
executive officers.
2. Review and approve corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the
chief executive officer and other executive officers.
3. Review and evaluate the performance of the chief executive officer and other
executive officers and other key employees of the Company in light of the goals and
objectives of the Company, and either as a committee or together with the other
independent directors (as directed by the Board of Directors) determine and approve their
annual compensation packages, including base salaries, stock options and other stock-
based incentives, variable pay amounts and variable pay metrics, based on these
evaluations.
4. Monitor the effectiveness of benefit plan offerings and approve changes where
appropriate.
5. Review and discuss with management the disclosure in the Company’s “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis” section and any other disclosures regarding executive and
director compensation that will be included in the Company’s public filings or
shareholder reports. Based upon its review and discussion with management,
Amended and Restated on 9-22-2010recommend to the Board whether the Compensation Discussion and Analysis should be
included in the Company’s proxy statement, Form 10-K, or information statement, as
applicable, and prepare (or supervise the preparation of) the related Compensation
Committee report required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
6. Review and approve, or recommend to the full Board of Directors, non-chief executive
officer compensation, executive incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans in
which executive officers and members of the Board of Directors are eligible to
participate.
7. Supervise and oversee the administration of the Company’s incentive compensation,
variable pay and stock programs.
8. Review and act upon management proposals to (i) designate key employees to incentive
compensation programs; and (ii) approve new benefit plans.
9. Review and assess, on an annual basis, the impact of the Company’s compensation
programs and arrangements on Company risk, and consider appropriate risk management
policies and practices as applied to the Company’s compensation programs and
arrangements.
10. Recommend to the Board of Directors the annual retainer fee as well as other
compensation for non-employee directors.
11. Have sole authority to retain and terminate executive compensation consultants,
including the authority to determine fees and other terms of their engagements, to advise
on the evaluation and compensation of members of the Board of Directors, the chief
executive officer and other executive officers of the Company; and shall, as appropriate,
assess and consider the independence of any such consultants.
12. Have authority to delegate any or all of its responsibilities to a subcommittee of the
Committee, as permitted by the laws and regulations that govern its actions.
13. Report regularly to the Board of Directors (i) following meetings of the Committee, (ii)
with respect to those matters that are relevant to the Committee’s discharge of its
responsibilities, and (iii) with respect to those recommendations that the Committee may
deem appropriate. The report to the Board of Directors may take the form of an oral
report by the Chairman of the Committee or any other member of the Committee
designated by the Committee to make such report.
14. Perform a review and evaluation, at least annually, of the performance of the Committee
and its members, including a review of the compliance of the Committee with this
Charter. In addition, the Committee shall review and reassess periodically the adequacy
of this Charter and recommend to the Board of Directors any improvements to this
Charter that the Committee considers necessary or valuable. The Committee shall
conduct such evaluations and reviews in the manner it deems appropriate.
Amended and Restated on 9-22-2010