NOMINATING/CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE CHARTER
(AMENDED AND RESTATED AS OF MAY 18, 2022)
I. MEMBERSHIP
A. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee (the “Committee”) of the Board of
Directors (the “Board”) of Agilent Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”) shall be
comprised of three or more members of the Board, each of whom is determined by the
Board to be “independent” under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange and the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
B. The members of the Committee shall be appointed by the Board and shall serve until
such member’s successor is duly elected and qualified or until such member’s earlier
resignation or removal. The members of the Committee may be removed, with or without
cause by a majority vote of the Board.
C. No member of the Committee shall receive compensation other than director’s fees for
service as a director of the Company, including reasonable compensation for serving on
the Committee and regular benefits that other directors receive.
II. PURPOSE
A. The purpose of the Committee is to:
1. Identify individuals qualified to become Board members,
2. Recommend to the Board the persons to be nominated by the Board for election as
directors at the annual meeting of stockholders, and
3. Develop and recommend to the Board a set of corporate governance principles
applicable to the Company.
III. MEETINGS AND PROCEDURES
A. The Committee shall convene as often as it deems necessary in order to perform its
responsibilities and may also act by unanimous written consent.
B. The Committee shall have the authority to delegate any or all of its responsibilities to a
subcommittee of the Committee, as permitted by the laws and regulations that govern its
actions.C. The Committee shall have the authority to retain and terminate any search firm to be used
to identify director candidates, including sole authority to approve the search firm’s fees
and other retention terms.
D. The Committee shall have the authority to conduct or authorize investigations into any
matters within the scope of its responsibilities as it shall deem appropriate, including the
authority to request any officer, employee or advisor of the Company to meet with the
Committee or any advisors engaged by the Committee.
IV. RESPONSIBILITIES
A. The Committee shall:
1. Make recommendations regarding the size and composition of the Board.
2. Establish and recommend to the Board criteria for the selection of new directors to
serve on the Board including, among other things, independence, ability to exercise
sound judgment, diversity of background and experience, demonstrated leadership,
and relevant skills and experience, including financial literacy, and experience in the
context of the needs of the Board.
3. Identify individuals qualified to become Board members, consistent with the criteria
approved by the Board.
4. Select the director nominees for the next annual meeting of stockholders.
5. Determine the appropriate committee structure of the Board and, in fulfilling the
Committee’s responsibilities, the Committee shall be entitled to delegate any or all of
its responsibilities to a subcommittee of the Committee.
6. Recommend Board committee assignments and any changes to such assignments.
7. Consider stockholder nominees for election to the Board and review stockholder
proposals submitted to the Company for consideration at the annual meeting of
stockholders.
8. Develop and recommend to the Board the Company’s Corporate Governance
Standards.
9. Periodically review the Company’s Corporate Governance Standards and
recommend to the Board modifications as appropriate.10. Review and report to the Board periodically on matters of corporate responsibility
and sustainability, including potential impacts of environmental and social issues on
the Company, except as specifically delegated by the Board to another committee.
11. Monitor compliance with the Company’s Related Party Transactions Policy.
12. Act as a forum to hear special concerns that might arise which require the attention of
non-employee directors.
13. Oversee the annual evaluation of the Board members and assist in the evaluation of
other committees of the Board.
14. Make periodic recommendations for improving the Board’s effectiveness and discuss
annually with the full Board its effectiveness.
15. Report regularly to the Board (i) following meetings of the Committee, (ii) with
respect to those matters that are relevant to the Committee’s discharge of its
responsibilities, and (iii) with respect to those recommendations that the Committee
may deem appropriate. The report to the Board may take the form of an oral report by
the chair of the Committee or any other member of the Committee designated by the
Committee to make such report.
16. Perform a review and evaluation, at least annually, of the performance of the
Committee. In addition, the Committee shall review and reassess, at least annually,
the adequacy of this Charter and recommend to the Board any improvements to this
Charter that the Committee considers necessary or valuable. The Committee shall
conduct such evaluations and reviews in such manner as it deems appropriate.