Forward, Together
2019 Corporate Social Responsibility2Letter from the President
Once again, I am proud that our team delivered a At Agilent, we have always believed in the power
year of growth and success in spite of significant of collaboration – working together to innovate
challenges. Our strong business model and and achieve the best results. We’ve also learned
outstanding team allowed us to shift, redirect that when we transfer this approach to working
and successfully address unexpected market externally – joining forces with customers,
changes, including the onset of the COVID-19 suppliers, educational institutions, nonprofits,
virus at the end of 2019. even similar businesses – our learnings and
results are greater than ever.
All totaled, we delivered award-winning products,
process improvements and service innovations; Let’s remember these lessons as we consider the
invested over $5 million in infrastructure massive sustainability issues our world is facing.
improvements to further reduce environmental
As individuals and as businesses, we must choose
impact; acquired two new companies; launched
wisely. Together, we are powerful.
three international research hubs; added three
Please join with us as we seek a safer and
new solar installations, providing clean and
more sustainable world.
renewable sources of energy; achieved sound
growth and earned awards and recognition,
including the highly respected number 1 rank
in Barron’s 100 Most Sustainable Companies.
Working together as One Agilent, we are fulfilling
Mike McMullen
our mission: to deliver trusted answers and President and Chief Executive Officer
insights that advance the quality of life. Agilent Technologies, Inc.
But as 2020* unfolded, we saw COVID-19
grow into a pandemic. We were all reminded * As expected, this report will highlight our social responsibility work in 2019.
Due to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, our reporting was delayed and
that everything in our lives – our families, our therefore, we also address relevant activities in the first half of 2020.
jobs, our businesses, our food supply, our health
care – can literally change overnight. The
challenges we have all faced have often seemed
insurmountable. However, by working together
we know we can achieve the impossible.
3change
picture
4About Agilent Technologies
Agilent Technologies Inc. (NYSE: A) is a global leader in life
sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets, delivering
insight and innovation toward improving the quality of life. Agilent
instruments, software, services, solutions and people provide
trusted answers to customers’ most challenging questions.
Whether we are working with our customers to keep food
supplies safe, improve the quality of air, water and soil, or fight
cancer with more precise diagnoses and targeted treatments,
Agilent employees share a passion and commitment to
advancing the quality of life.
For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2019, Agilent business units include the Life Sciences and
Applied Markets Group, the Diagnostics and Genomics Group and the Agilent CrossLab Group.
• Life Sciences and Applied Markets provides application-focused solutions that include
instruments and software that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical
and biological properties of substances and products, as well as enable customers in the clinical
and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level.
• Diagnostics and Genomics is composed of six areas providing active pharmaceutical
ingredients (APIs) for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions that include reagents,
instruments, software and consumables which enable customers in the clinical and life sciences
research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level.
• Agilent CrossLab spans the entire lab with its extensive consumables and services portfolio,
which is designed to improve customer outcomes.
In addition, we provide centralized order fulfillment and supply chain operations resources
for manufacturing, engineering and strategic sourcing to our respective businesses. The order
fulfillment and supply chain organization (OFS), together with Agilent Technologies Research
Laboratories, is supported by our global infrastructure organization, which provides shared
services in the areas of finance, information technology, legal, certain procurement services,
workplace services and human resources.
5Forward, Together
Our Mission
To deliver trusted answers Life Science Tools
Gas and Liquid Chromatography
and insights that advance
Mass Spectrometry
the quality of life.
Atomic and Molecular Spectroscopy
Cell Analysis
Laboratory Management Software
Our Promise
$2.3B
To deliver trusted answers to
our customers’ critical questions
and challenges – helping them
achieve superior outcomes Agilent CrossLab
in their laboratories, clinics, CrossLab Services
Chemistries and Consumables
organizations and the world
Lab Enterprise Services
they seek to improve.
$1.8B
Our Core Values
• Innovation and contribution
Diagnostics & Genomics
• Trust, respect and teamwork
Genomics Solutions
• Uncompromising integrity Cancer Diagnostics
Therapeutic Oligonucleotides
• Speed
$1.0B
• Focus
• Accountability
6Our One Agilent Culture
We are a community
We are inclusive as we lead, win and grow as one company.
We are diverse, passionate and driven to provide trusted answers.
We embrace flexibility to balance work demand with personal life.
We work collaboratively
We focus intensely on our customers to deliver differentiated outcomes.
We lead in innovation and simplify continuously in all we do.
We act like owners with positive urgency.
We develop continuously
We openly recognize and learn from our wins and mistakes.
We welcome feedback and adapt, always developing ourselves and others.
We celebrate our achievements and share in the company’s success.
For more information, please see the 2019 Proxy Statement and Form 10-k.
7Forward, Together
Sustainability
Specific Agilent Actions
statement
• Develop products designed to enhance the
sustainability initiatives of our customers.
We strive to consistently improve our • Partner with our suppliers to operate sustainably
and drive full transparency from vendors regarding
sustainability in our operations, and
sustainable products and services.
also through our innovative products
• Continue to provide the most healthful and safe
and technologies that address complex
workspaces possible through sustainable renovations,
issues in a sustainable way. operations and certifications.
• Implement sustainability opportunities, identify metrics
Our mission is to provide trusted answers and insights
and track progress throughout our operations and
that advance the quality of life, and we believe that
supply chain; ensure compliance through a combination
sustainability is an important part of meeting that
of self and third-party audits and certifications.
mission. We are committed to being a good corporate
citizen, to acting responsibly in pursuit of our goals. • Continue to encourage and develop diversity and
That means we must operate in a sustainable manner inclusion in our workforce, investing in programs that
and help others do the same. advance these principles.
This is nothing new for us. All of our actions are • Encourage employees to share their knowledge and
based on our long-standing values and achieved with talents in building sustainable communities by providing
uncompromising integrity. Our culture has always paid volunteer time off, matching their charitable
included respect for the contributions of every employee contributions and encouraging science education
in our global workforce. We support the communities through a variety of Agilent science programs.
in which we live and work and encourage employees
• Report on our sustainability practices and progress to
to share their time and talents to help others.
employees, investors and customers on a regular basis.
8Our Sustainability Guiding Principles
• Create employee work environments
that are safe, healthful and conducive
to collaboration and innovation.
• Enable our customers to operate
more sustainably and address world
challenges through the use of our
products and services.
• Reduce environmental impact of our
operations through resource conservation,
reducing our carbon footprint and waste.
• Drive consistent, responsible profit.
• Embrace diversity and inclusion in all
aspects of our business.
• Be an economic, intellectual and
sustainable leader in communities
and countries where we operate.
9Forward, Together
Agilent Enterprise In addition, we use tools such as the “General Specification
for the Environment” and our “Design for the Environment
Guidelines” to help minimize the environmental impacts of
Risk Management
product packaging.
Materials declaration requirements
The Agilent Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program
provides a framework for identifying material risks across At Agilent, we require hazardous and restricted material
the company, determining ownership of the risk and composition data for purchased materials used in our
supporting the creation and maintenance of our business products, including parts procured on Agilent’s behalf by
continuity plan. It ensures adequate plans across key third parties, such as contract manufacturers, distributors
business flows, appropriate testing/drills and the and third-party logistics suppliers.
availability of a central repository for documentation.
To meet the various requirements of our customers
and product chemical content restrictions imposed by
Quality Management System (QMS)
numerous country laws and regulations, Agilent must
QMS is built upon a quality policy aligned with our customer maintain material composition data on hazardous
expectations: Agilent earns customer loyalty by providing substances. Our company requests data about regulated
trusted answers through continuous improvement of hazardous substance content of materials in order to
products, services, and interactions of the highest quality trade in legal compliance worldwide – we do not ask
and greatest value. suppliers about other, non-regulated substances.
Agilent’s General Specification for the Environment
To achieve this result, we will:
(GSE) consolidates all material restrictions into one
• Ensure that all of our products comply with applicable
document, which covers environmental laws in the
safety and regulatory requirements.
Americas, Asia-Pacific and Europe.
• Ensure our products meet or exceed their published
specifications. Information security approach
• Maintain and continually improve the effectiveness The Agilent security program is based on industry
of our product and service business management standards including ISO 27002 Code of Practice, NIST
systems to conform at a minimum to ISO9001 Quality and the COBIT 5 Framework. Our policies, standards and
Management Standard or more stringent or legally operating procedures provide a comprehensive approach
required standards as dictated by specific markets. to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and availability
• Continually monitor and improve customers’ total of the data and systems in our environment. Security is a
experience. company-wide priority and we continuously invest in our
people, processes and tools to strengthen our security
• Establish quality requirements for suppliers, partners
posture to protect data for both Agilent and our customers.
and contractors and hold them accountable to comply.
To support our company-wide approach, we have a
• Treat customers in accordance with Agilent’s Standards
dedicated IT Information Security and Risk Management
of Business Conduct and Privacy policies.
(ISRM) department that is accountable for the following
key areas:
Product environmental management
Policy, Standards and Operating Procedures
Agilent aims to minimize the environmental impact of
• IT Compliance
our products and their packaging. We are committed
to conforming with applicable regulations related to the • Security Operations
Restricted Substances in Products. When a customer
• Risk Management
decides their business no longer needs a product, Agilent
• Threat and Vulnerability Management
will take it back for reuse or ensure it is properly recycled.
• Security Awareness
10Supply Chain
Agilent’s supply chain organizations are
chartered to provide optimal value-added
sourcing and procurement services that are:
Legal, accountable and auditable
Ethically, environmentally and
socially responsible
Economically effective
ISO compliant
Our Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain Organization (OFS)
centralizes all order fulfillment and supply chain operations
in our businesses. They provide resources for manufacturing,
engineering and strategic sourcing to our respective businesses.
Each of our businesses, together with OFS, is supported by
our global infra-structure organization, which provides shared
services in the areas of finance, information technology, legal,
workplace services and human resources.
Agilent has been streamlining and improving its supply chain
and manufacturing for the past several years. Among the
company’s innovations:
• Four Centers of Excellence around the world focus on
manufacturing, bioreagents, chemicals and logistics.
• An online OFS Academy helps employees understand
their role in the overall supply chain and align toward
common goals. The Academy recently added a School
of Digital Innovation.
• The OFS Future Lab enables employees to contribute
suggestions and ideas related to emerging megatrends,
such as artificial intelligence.
To address potential disruption in our supply chain, we use a
number of techniques, including qualifying multiple sources of
supply and redesign of products for alternative components.
In addition, while we generally attempt to keep our inventory
at minimal levels, we do purchase incremental inventory as
circumstances warrant to protect the supply chain.
11Forward, Together
Committed to the Materiality Assessment:
Our commitment to the future
UN Sustainable
At Agilent, we believe that we have a responsibility beyond
making a profit; we are committed to advancing the quality
Development Goals
of life. Therefore, we must think long-term and consider the
needs of others as we make decisions.
It’s important to pause and analyze our situation – to
At Agilent, we have a long-standing history of commitment
understand the types of issues our business could
to sustainability. Last year, we declared alignment with
generate. We must analyze these potential influences in
the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
advance of any problems and determine which could have
(UN SDGs), which were launched in 2015, creating a
the most impact on our environment, communities and
blueprint for a better and more sustainable future for all.
business. When we understand the importance of these
Agilent’s work touches nearly all the UN SDGs, with specific
issues, we can better determine business priorities and
contributions to those shown on this page.
strengthen our positive impact on society.
Watch for these icons throughout this publication,
That’s why, in 2018, we laid the groundwork to begin
indicating how our work is contributing to specific goals.
our Materiality Assessment, completing the process in
2019. These results will continue to inform our evolving
sustainability strategy and our business planning until
our next Materiality Assessment in 2021. The chart below
illustrates the many ways Agilent impacts our environment,
our society and our economy.
The materiality matrix displays the 19 social, environmental
and governance issues that matter most to our stake-
holders and upon which we believe our business can
have the most impact. Agilent will continue to periodically
conduct assessments in the future to better inform our
business decisions.
Materiality Matrix
Ethical business conduct
Climate change & energy
Innovation
Product safety & quality
Market presence & pricing
High
Customer satisfaction
Community & giving
Labour practices Governance & leadership
IMPORTANCE TO Economic performance
Occupational health & safety Talent attraction & retention
STAKEHOLDERS Supply chain sustainability
Water & effluents Sustainable products
Waste management
& solutions
Moderate
Chemicals &
Air quality & other emissions hazardous materials
Diversity & inclusion
Moderate High
SIGNIFICANCE OF IMPACTS
12 KEY People Business integrity & prosperity Planet All themes13Forward, Together
Key policies
Supplier Code of Conduct policy
Our Supplier Code of Conduct policy states that we will not
establish or maintain a business relationship with a supplier if we
believe that its practices violate local laws or basic international
principles relating to human rights, anti-corruption, bribery, labor
standards or environmental protection. We expect our suppliers
– and their suppliers – to adhere to environmental and social
responsibility principles that are similar to those valued in Agilent.
Conflict Minerals policy
Agilent supports the goal of ending violence, human rights
violations and environmental devastation in the Covered
Countries. We are committed to complying with all requirements
applicable to our company under the Conflict Minerals Rule. We
are also committed to sourcing components and materials from
organizations that share our values around human rights, ethics
and environmental responsibility.
Quality policy
We earn customer loyalty by providing products and services of
the highest quality and greatest value.
Political activities
Agilent may contribute to dialogue and decision-making on public
policies affecting the company, our employees and operations.
Anti-Corruption policy
One of Agilent’s most important company assets is our
reputation for ethical behavior, honesty and fair dealing.
Agilent’s anti-corruption policy incorporates the common
elements of anti-corruption laws and regulations worldwide
that apply to Agilent’s business.
Agilent’s policies and practices are consistent with many
internationally accepted charters and principles. For more
information, please see p. 24.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
14
6 9 12 13 15Stakeholder
engagement
Employees
• CEO all-managers meetings provide business
updates with Q&A each quarter.
Agilent engages with a wide range of
• Agilent conducts an annual Leadership Survey
stakeholders on issues that affect the
that allows employees to provide feedback
company’s operations. During business
on leadership effectiveness.
planning, Agilent considers external
• Every employee has regular performance reviews
charters, principles and guidelines. and discussions with immediate supervisors.
• Employee Coffee Talks are held to share business
We also participate in industry and trade groups at local,
updates and country-specific information and
regional, state, national and international levels to address
answer employee questions.
emerging issues; develop industry-wide approaches to
environmental and social challenges; and cooperate with • Agilent holds an annual gathering of senior leaders.
governments, non-governmental organizations and other
stakeholders on common concerns. Investors
Agilent meets all applicable laws, regulations and • Each quarter, Agilent conducts a financial results
standards where we do business. Agilent engages conference call that presents analysts and investors
with our stakeholders through consultation, surveys, with an opportunity to ask questions and share
ad-hoc feedback and reviews: concerns with the CEO and CFO.
• At Agilent’s annual shareholder meeting, all attendees
Customers are presented with the opportunity to ask questions of
our CEO, executive staff members and members of the
• When customers engage with Agilent in any manner,
Board of Directors.
including face to face, on the phone or digitally, Agilent’s
goal, across all key touchpoints, is to ensure that they • If analysts and institutional investors are unable to
have a delightful experience that delivers on Agilent meet directly with our CEO, CFO or Treasurer, then
Trusted Answers, our brand promise. they can rely on regular contact with our Investor
Relations department.
• Over the past year we have made significant
improvements to the customer experience:
Suppliers
• Introduced an automatic notification system
that confirms when a product is ordered and • Agilent’s relationships with suppliers are of great
shipped, and utilizes a real-time tracker for delivery strategic importance.
information.
• Agilent generates strong results from carefully
• Provided easier and more complete access to choosing the correct suppliers, and then working
site preparation guidance for customers closely with them in specific areas to improve
purchasing instruments. quality and productivity.
• Faster delivery time and online purchase options • The basic strategy for establishing these good working
for consumables to improve customer purchase relationships is through the establishment of mutual
and delivery experience. performance expectations and measures. Agilent also
expects its suppliers to adhere to the quality, product
• Reduced the time it takes to schedule service.
regulatory, social responsibility and environmental
principles that are core to our company.
15Forward, Together
Sustainability highlights
$5 Million
Globally 5 existing on-site solar photovoltaic
invested in systems amounted to a net offset of
sustainability
623 CO2 emissions
initiatives in 2019
reduction in
Solar photovoltaic generation has offset
11
site carbon
annual Greenhouse Gas Emissions by nearly %
footprint
3000 MT
since FY15 since FY14
My Green Lab
Analytica
Agilent is earning the highly
conference
respected Accountability,
Consistency and Transparency
First planned carbon neutral event
(ACT) label on products
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
16
8 9 10GOAL 1 GOAL 2
1% energy reduction each year 95% solid waste diversion
from landfill by end of 2020
5% by 2019
10% by 2024
ON TARGET
85% of solid waste diversion
BELOW TARGET for kWh/sq. ft.
from landfill
which was 3.2%
94% of total waste generated
ON TARGET with 18% reduction
globally diverted from landfill
in kWh/headcount in 2019
GOAL 3 GOAL 4
2% water reduction per year 1% CO2e reduction per year
10% reduction by 2019 5% reduction by 2019
20% by 2024 10% by 2024
BELOW TARGET for m3/sq. ft. ABOVE TARGET
which was 4%
with 17% reduction by sq. ft.
ON TARGET with 19% reduction and 30% reduction by
by headcount in 2019 headcount in 2019
17Forward, Together
Business highlights
2019 Revenue Over Approximately
$5.16 Billion $7.5 million 8% of revenue
5% reported revenue donated to universities, invested in Research &
growth and 5% increase hospitals, research and Development every year
in core revenue charitable organizations
Earnings per share
600+
of $3.37, up 247% 3,000+
Active published
year over year
issued patents
patent applications
worldwide
2019
86% 87%
Leadership
Survey
of employees would of employees intend
recommend Agilent as to stay at Agilent
a great place to work
32.6
38.6%
average hours of
of full-time employees
employee training
are female
per employee
Related UN Sustainable Development Goal
18
916,300* employees
serving customers
in 110 countries
R&D and/or
Manufacturing sites
USA (California, Colorado,
Delaware, Massachusetts,
Texas), Australia, Belgium,
China, Denmark, Germany,
Italy, Japan, Malaysia,
Netherlands, Singapore
and the United Kingdom
Logistics Centers
China, Denmark, Germany,
India, Italy, Japan, Malaysia,
Headquarters
Singapore and the U.S., plus
additional regional hubs. Santa Clara, CA
*approximately
Acquired two companies: BioTek Instruments, Inc. and ACEA Biosciences, Inc.
Product innovation highlights
Magnis
LC/Mass Spec 8890 Gas Chromatograph
Detector iQ
Agilent CrossLab Smart Alerts
19Forward, Together
Recognition and Awards
Barron's Management Best Employers
Most Sustainable Top 250 for Diversity
Company
Wall Street Journal Forbes
#1 in 2019
#3 in 2018
Just 100 List Best Employers
for New Grads
Industry Leader
Forbes
for Life Sciences
Forbes
Tools and Services
AAA Rating
Best Mid-Size
Dow Jones
Sustainability Rankings MSCI ESG Employers
by RobecoSAM
Forbes
World’s Best
EcoVadis Employers
Best Workplaces
Gold rating for Forbes
sustainability performance,
China, Germany, Singapore,
three consecutive years
Spain, GPTW Institute
America’s Best
Employers
Best Corporate
for Women Best Workplaces
Citizens
for Women
Forbes
Corporate Responsibility
Greater China,
Magazine
GPTW Institute
20Employer 93% CEO
Excellence Award Approval Rating
Malaysia Employee Federation 4.0 rating, Glassdoor
Best Family Friendly Learning!
Management 100 Award
Korea Minister of Gender eLearning Magazine
Equity & Family
Talent Payback
Healthiest of the Year Award
Workplaces
SCM World,
AIA Malaysia A Gartner Company
Cycle Friendly Best in Class
Employer Contact Center
Denmark Training & Development
Program, Customer
Contact Week Awards
90th Percentile
Employee Engagement,
Perceptyx
21Forward, Together
Our markets
Agilent serves customers in 110 countries, focusing on six key markets
where we help our customers achieve their goals. These markets
provide a n estimated $52B opportunity, growing 3-5% annually.
Pharma Chemical & Energy Clinical & Diagnostics
$16B $4B $11B
TAM* TAM* TAM*
Market #2 Market #1 Market #2-3
Position Position Position
Academic & Government Food Environmental & Forensics
$11B $5B $5B
TAM* TAM* TAM*
Market #2 Market #2 Market #1
Position Position Position
*TAM = Total Available Market. Market size per 2019 Company estimates.
Pharmaceutical
Agilent has one of the broadest solutions
portfolios of any company serving the
pharmaceutical industry. Our solutions
provide precise answers for every segment
of the pharmaceutical industry, from
disease research and drug discovery to
drug development, manufacturing and
quality control. The start-to-finish solution
set means customers can get products to
market faster. Customers trust us to help
them test the purity of their therapeutics,
and Agilent also ensures that their
instruments and processes conform to
the highest compliance.
22Diagnostics Chemical and energy
Agilent gives doctors a head start in the fight against The natural gas and petroleum refining markets use
cancer and other diseases. Our solutions help pathology Agilent products to measure and control the quality of
laboratories deliver fast, accurate information to the their finished products and to verify the environmental
doctors, hospitals and medical centers they serve. safety of their operations. Petroleum refiners use our
We help medical professionals make more accurate measurement solutions to analyze crude oil composition,
diagnoses so patients can receive the most perform raw material analysis, verify and improve refining
effective therapies. processes and ensure the overall quality of gasoline, fuels,
lubricants and other products. Our solutions are used in
the development, manufacturing and quality control of
Environmental and forensics
fine chemicals and other industrial applications such as
From pesticides to pharmaceutical residues to trace materials analysis. Agilent also helps energy researchers
metals, we provide fast, accurate and sensitive methods investigate biofuels, renewable fuels and other forms of
for monitoring contaminants affecting the quality of alternative energy.
life. Agilent solutions also play an important role in law
enforcement by providing robust tools and instruments
Research
to analyze and verify evidence at trial.
Most life sciences and diagnostics research is done
at top-tier universities, with funding from governments
Food
around the world. Agilent is helping these researchers learn
Agilent helps ensure our global food supply is free more about cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes,
of contaminants, whether chemical, viral, bacterial or Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, autism and other conditions. Our
microbiological. Our customers include government instruments, software and sample preparation solutions
regulators and labs that control food safety, as well as help scientists conduct faster, more accurate research.
private companies that produce, package and sell
food to the public.
23Forward, Together
Good governance • Agilent managers are responsible for promoting
awareness of and enforcing compliance with the policy
among their reports at all levels and must not actively
or passively authorize or ignore corrupt activities in
Agilent is led by a chief executive officer
their organization.
and overseen by a board of directors.
• Employees who violate the policy will be subject to
The current four committees of the
disciplinary action, which may include termination
board are:
of employment. No employee will suffer adverse
consequences for refusing to offer or make a corrupt
payment even if it may result in the loss of business.
Audit and Finance
• During the reporting period, 100 percent of all Agilent
business units were analyzed for risks related to
Compensation
corruption and 100 percent of management and
non-management employees in all locations were
Executive
required to receive anti-corruption training.
Nominating / Corporate Governance • Agilent has a formal process for investigating and
resolving allegations of corruption should they occur.
The board selects the chief executive officer in accordance Agilent complies with:
with the company’s bylaws and other applicable policies.
• The laws and regulations of each country where
Information on Agilent’s governance structure can be
Agilent conducts business.
found on our Investor Relations website.
• The laws and regulations of the United States,
Agilent has 11 board members, 10 of whom are
including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
independent directors. Agilent has adopted the standards
for director independence in compliance with the NYSE’s • Other international anti-corruption laws and
corporate governance listing standards. See details here. regulations, including the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010
and the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention, to which
38 countries are signatories.
Anti-corruption
• Agilent’s policies and procedures.
Agilent does business directly or indirectly in over
• Agilent’s Standards of Business Conduct.
110 countries around the globe, each of which has its
own unique laws, customs and business practices.
Anti-competitive behavior
Agilent requires its employees and business partners in all
geographies to conduct their affairs with uncompromising
• Agilent understands that commitment to ensuring
integrity and will not tolerate corrupt activities of any kind.
compliance to these laws is salient to participating in
Agilent maintains a written policy against corruption that
the global marketplace.
prohibits promising, offering or giving to, or receiving from,
• Agilent is committed to competing vigorously and fairly
any individual anything of value or personal benefit with
in all markets in which we do business. We place the
the expectation of receiving a favor, a grant of business, or
highest importance on maintaining compliance with
any other business advantage in return. Such actions are
competition laws globally.
sometimes referred to as bribes, kickbacks or improper
quid pro quos. • Evaluation is completed by the continuous Audit
team which uses audit software, IDEA and Tableau, to
• Agilent’s anti-corruption policy incorporates the
conduct semi-automated analysis of large populations
common elements of anti-corruption laws and
of Agilent data in order to control deviations, and
regulations worldwide that apply to Agilent’s business.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goal
24
8identify errors and potential fraud. Tests are performed complementary mergers and acquisitions to augment
periodically throughout the year, ensuring that all our core growth, geographic penetration in high-growth
transactions in an identified population are reviewed markets, and digital innovation to transform the way
during the year. we work inside and outside the company.
• Agilent runs multiple tests on data including purchase • Agilent invests approximately 8% of its annual
orders, payables, vendor data, customer data, sales revenue in R&D, and over the next three years,
orders, expense reports, site access, etc. we expect to invest more than $1 billion.
• Agilent policy forbids anti-competitive behavior, antitrust, • In fiscal 2019 we continued our tradition of introducing
and monopoly practices and in the current reporting highly differentiated solutions to help our customers
period, there was no legal action for antitrust and anti- advance their work. Our innovation also extends to
competitive behavior. how we meet our business goals.
• More than 50% of our Agilent CrossLab Group
Interactions with competitors consumables orders are digital. E-commerce
initiatives are making it easier for customers to
• Never agree with a competitor or potential competitor
do business with Agilent.
(including our own channel partners) to set the terms
on which Agilent and its competitor will compete, or • We are also investing in the digital lab of the future.
whether or not they will compete. Even the appearance Informatics is a strategic differentiator for Agilent.
of an agreement may be unlawful. We are bringing to market technologies that help
our customers leverage their data for even more
• Never discuss or exchange pricing information with any
insights and discoveries.
competitor or potential competitor.
• Our mergers and acquisitions strategy complements
• Never allocate customers or bids between Agilent and
organic growth by bringing new capabilities and unique
another company, or agree that Agilent or its competitor
offerings to the company. Our One Agilent approach to
will provide complementary bids to give the appearance
integration fully leverages our scale to drive revenue
of actual competition.
and create cost synergies.
• To work to better understand the rules governing
• In 2019, Agilent acquired 100 percent of the stock
interactions with competitors.
of ACEA Biosciences Inc. (ACEA), a developer of
cell analysis tools, for $250 million.
Economic performance
• In addition, we completed the acquisition of
• Our One Agilent cultural transformation promotes privately-owned Lionheart Technologies LLC
greater collaboration across the company and has (BioTek), a leader in the design, manufacture and
made it easier for customers to do business with us. distribution of innovative life science instrumentation,
for $1.17 billion. The financial results of these
• Our Agile Agilent business system and
businesses have been included in our financial
associated initiatives are driving continual
results from the date of the close.
operational improvements.
• Revamped research and development programs and
Defined benefit plan obligations and other
execution of our mergers and acquisitions strategy
retirement plans
are building an even stronger portfolio, focused on
Percentage of salary contributed by employee and
customer-centric products and solutions.
employer vary by country. Separate funds exist in some
• Agilent serves large, attractive markets where growth is
countries to pay the plan’s pension liabilities. For details of
fueled by investments to improve the human condition.
Agilent’s material plans, please see the Agilent Form 10-K.
• Agilent is focused on four key growth drivers to continue
our momentum: innovation from our R&D engine,
25Forward, Together
Indirect economic impacts Energy
• Our products are found in leading research and teaching Agilent has identified energy use as one of its significant
laboratories. Our global connection to academia also and material environmental impacts.
includes educational support, recruitment of top
• Approximately 80% of Agilent’s site energy footprint
university talent and philanthropy.
is reported from the sites that are included in its
• Through our Thought Leader Program, Agilent supports annual analysis of energy use and carbon emissions.
scientific advancements by leading researchers around
• Agilent has invested in over 5 Megawatts of solar
the world. We also contribute through financial support
photovoltaic (PV) power and new energy fuel
and providing products and expertise for research in the
server technology.
life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets.
• Energy consumed in FY 2019 was approximately
146,000 MWh (525,000 GJ).
Our environment
Agilent integrates climate change into its business
Reductions in energy requirements of
strategy in several ways.
products and services
• First, Agilent has an active sustainability program
Agilent is working on improving the energy efficiency of
in which our ISO14001 environmental management
selected products/product families including instruments
system is engaged to drive operations to monitor
with high energy consumption. Associated benefits for this
and reduce our environmental impacts from energy
sustainability focus include reductions in carbon footprint,
consumption and the associated CO2 emissions.
water use, waste and chemicals.
• Secondly, Agilent recognizes that having a reputation
For example, our new Agilent Intuvo 9000 Gas
as an environmental leader is a competitive advantage.
Chromatography (GC) system made significant energy
This allows Agilent to attract and retain the best and
reductions compared to the predecessor instruments, now
brightest employees, obtain and maintain business
using nearly half the power of a regular GC. The employed
from other companies who choose suppliers with
direct heating technology is a much faster and more
strong environmental practices, and attract investors
efficient way to do GC and can run methods faster, in half
interested in the same.
the space (footprint), with using less than half the power
• Supplier selection and procurement decisions are also normally required.
influenced by climate change considerations. Since
This adds to and aligns with our strategy from previous
2004, Agilent has had in place a Supplier Environmental
years, that most of the energy savings achieved are based
Social Responsibility (ESR) Code of Conduct, which
on two key factors:
we use to evaluate existing and potential suppliers on
• The increased type and volume of tests that can be
factors including adoption of sound environmental
conducted, thus increasing tests per watt.
practices and conformance with relevant laws,
regulations and international principles. • Enhanced existing product features, thus bringing more
measurement capabilities to the same product footprint.
Another great example of Agilent’s sustainable innovation
is the 4210MP optical emission spectrometer that is
the perfect alternative to the traditional flame Atomic
Absorption Spectroscopy (AAS) technique. This
instrument runs on air instead of combustible gases,
leaving a much lower energy and carbon footprint.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
26
12 13 15Other sustainability-driven projects include the substitution of some of Agilent’s
u
ction
d
vacuum pumps with a new dry scroll pump range that does not use any oil, r e
%
eliminating oil consumption and waste.
0
2
s
ar
Water y e
0
1
Water use has been identified as one of Agilent’s globally over the n
ext
significant environmental aspects. The company has established
a target of 20% reduction in normalized municipal water
consumption over the next 10 years from an FY14 baseline.
• YTD global total (municipal
consumption): -4% normalized
Water withdrawal by source by operational sq.ft against the
FY14 baseline:
Water withdrawal 1000 m3 2019 2018 2017 • By Region: AP: +2%;
EU: -5%; US: -3%
Ground water 136 157 173
• YTD global total (municipal
Municipal water supplies or other consumption): -13% normalized
347 341 311
water utilities
by site headcount against the
FY14 baseline:
Total water withdrawal (volume) 483 498 484
• By Region: AP: -18%;
Normalized withdrawal (m3/site sq ft) 0.137 0.141 0.145 EU: -18%; US: -17%
• Groundwater is extracted from our
sites in Turin (113,000 m3) and
Emission Manesar (23,000 m3).
Agilent’s only direct emissions are the arisings from the on-site • Most Agilent sites do not withdraw
combustion of fuel for heating or local electricity generation. water from sources that are
significantly affected by withdrawal.
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2e 2019 2018 2017
Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 9,192 7,518 8,195
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions by gas (CO2e) 2019 2018 2017
CO2 7,693 6,317 6,908
CH4 239 191 205
N2O 1,260 1,010 1,082
27Forward, Together
Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2e 2019 2018 2017
Gross location-based indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 39,735 54,350 51,291
Total direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 9,192 7,518 8,195
Total (Scope 1) + (Scope 2) GHG emissions 48,927 61,868 59,486
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
GHG emissions in metric tons CO2e 2019 2018 2017
Gross other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 169,001 153,589 151,547
GHG emissions intensity
Scope 1+2 CO2e 2019 2018 2017
GHG emissions intensity ratio: MT of CO2e per site square footage 0.01283 0.01623 0.01627
Reduction of GHG emissions
2019 2018 2017
Total GHG reductions metric tons CO2e 52 5,704 4,490
Projects commenced in FY19 and due to be operational in early
2,141
FY20: Expected CO2e reduction (MT)
Emission of ozone-depleting substances (OOS)
Agilent does not use, produce, import or export Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS)
prohibited under the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer.
Agilent uses very small amounts in the formulation of analytical standards which are largely
used as references by analytical labs in the pursuit of their detection in the environment.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
28
12 13 15Nitrous oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (Sox) and other significant air emissions
Agilent has been reporting direct NO2 emissions since FY15.
2019 2018 2017
NOx emissions (MT) 1,260 1,010 1,082
NOx intensity: factored against base figure: MT / Sq.ft. 0.000330 0.000265 0.00030
Effluents and waste
Waste is identified as one of Agilent’s significant Environmental Aspects. In FY19, the overall global waste
diversion (from landfill) goal was 95% and Agilent narrowly missed this target, diverting 94.1% of all its
wastes from landfill.
Environmental compliance
Agilent operates an Environmental Management System (EMS) and strategic sites operate under a
single company-wide externally endorsed certificate. The EMS provides a structure for identifying and
mitigating Agilent’s environmental risks. The systematic identification of its significant aspects and impacts,
implementation of controls, measurement of performance, and the setting of improvement objectives
ensures that Agilent continues to operate in an environmentally sustainable manner.
A key part of this process is the identification of significant environmental aspects and impacts.
Agilent’s Environmental (EHS) Policy outlines a fundamental corporate commitment to reductions in
pollution (emissions) and conservation of resources (energy) and drives operations to meet long-term
environmental sustainability goals.
Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations
In FY19, Agilent reported zero alleged regulation compliance violations and accordingly there were
no monetary fines or penalties.
29Forward, Together
Our products
At Agilent, we continue to dedicate
8% of our revenue each year to
funding innovations in Research
and Development.That consistent
commitment continues to deliver
innovative new products that
are making a difference:
LC/Mass Spec Detector iQ
This Single running anywhere in the lab. The Remote Assist feature
Quadrupole mass allows users to immediately send a service request to
detector for Liquid Agilent. All these capabilities are designed to deliver
Chromatography was reduced downtime and sustained instrument performance.
developed specifically
for chemists and
Magnis
chromatographers
This new benchtop instrument provides a complete
who will benefit from
system for next-generation sequencing (NGS) library
the intuitive design
preparation. Fully automated, it self-detects and tunes,
and greater level of
and delivers reproducible results, making it easy to assay
confidence in results
multiple genes and complex genetic aberrations from
that come with
genomic DNA including degraded samples. Magnis
mass detection. It
requires minimal NGS expertise to run and enables labs
can quickly confirm
to perform complex NGS sample preparations with the
compounds and
press of a button. Silver award for Most Innovative New
provide more specificity and selectivity than a
Product in Genomics by Life Science Industry Awards.
UV detector, even for compounds that are
chromatographically unresolved. Named Best New
Spectroscopy Product by Analytical Scientist and 8890 Gas Chromatograph
The Medicine Maker 2019 Innovation Awards.
This system delivers fast and accurate results with flexible
configuration capabilities to address specific analysis
Agilent CrossLab Smart Alerts demands. When results are critical and instrument
operation is a must, the 8890 exceeds expectations for
This software easily installs on any PC in the lab and
uptime and accuracy, every time. Built-in intelligence
helps increase instrument/lab productivity. No Internet
enables remote connectivity and the autonomous, user-
connection is required. It monitors instrument health
initiated system checks system health, alerting users to
and provides email-based alerts, notifying users when to
potential issues and suggesting solutions. Named Best
consider replacing key consumables, when to perform
Spectroscopy Product by Scientists’ Choice Awards.
preventive maintenance, and when an instrument stops
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
30
9 12Sustainable practices
Sharing insights, partnering with a leadership organization in sustainability
In the spirit of partnership – working with even more people, groups and businesses to
build a sustainable world – Agilent took several steps forward in 2019.
• We have added an important new section to our website: How Corporations Can Help Shape a More
Sustainable World. We address the pillars of sustainability, the United Nations Sustainable Development
Goals and more. We are working to help educate all people – customers, businesses and consumers –
about sustainability and how we can all take steps to begin making a difference.
• In addition, Agilent has recently become a top-level sponsor of My Green Lab, a nonprofit organization
dedicated to improving sustainability of scientific laboratories. This infographic details the breadth
and depth of the sustainability challenges facing this industry – underscoring the importance of
supporting the work of My Green Lab.
These values are graded on a scale
of 1-10, with 1 indicating the least
environmental impact and 10 indicating
the highest environmental impact
This category is either yes or no
Detailed scoring explanations
for each category are outlined
in the verification guide for
each category
These values represent actual daily
consumption and apply only to equipment
The sum total of all values
equals the Environmental
A lower number indicates a lower
Impact Factor
overall environmental impact
ACT labels are valid for two
years from the date of issue
“We hope that our partnership with My Green Lab will encourage more businesses
to commit to this cause. Sustainability must be a priority element in science and
the scientific community. I’m proud of Agilent’s leadership in collaborating with
My Green Lab and bringing these practices to analytical instrumentation.”
– Darlene Solomon, Chief Technology Officer
31Forward, Together
Sustainable packaging:
Working to close the loop
With millions of products shipped daily in Eberhard Obreiter, Software & DataSystem manufacturing
boxes, crates and more, sustainability in engineer, and the Agilent team in Germany are leading the
packaging is more important than ever. switch from plastic packaging to paper-based packaging
for their software and data system components (such
Taking a team approach as instructional DVDs and thumb drives), eliminating
120,000 plastic boxes shipped each year.
To drive more sustainable packaging at Agilent, Nick Valerio,
packaging engineer from the New Product Introduction
Team in Santa Clara, California, is leading Agilent‘s Repurposing waste and moving
Incubator for Environmental Sustainability and Global to recyclable materials
Packaging teams. These teams are exploring
Incubator teams continue to
and implementing many packaging solutions.
conduct experiments with
One important topic being addressed: the use of bio-based, repurposing lab plastic
not fossil-based, plastics. The world produces more than waste into 3D printer filaments,
400 million tons of plastics every year. Half of that is from which could be used globally
plastic packaging and only 9% of it gets recycled, so a at Agilent sites for prototyping.
sustainable solution in this category would be a Filaments that can’t be used
significant improvement. internally would be dedicated to
social enterprises. According to
estimates, the world’s bioscience
labs generate as much as 5.5 million
metric tons of waste annually,
so repurposing lab plastic waste
could truly have a global impact.
The team’s initial efforts
have saved about 530 lbs.
in styrofoam peanut usage.
Coming soon: Sustainability info on product labels
This year, Agilent started the process of having our instruments independently audited to
achieve the Accountability, Consistency and Transparency (ACT) label. This respected label
provides information about the environmental impact of manufacturing, and the use and disposal
of a product and its packaging. This empowers buyers to make better-informed, sustainable
choices. Samples of Agilent labels can be seen here, with more to come in the near future.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
32
9 12 13Starting cold and staying cold: not easy
Temperature-controlled shipments are still an industry-wide
issue. We continue to research and test alternatives to
expanded polystyrene (EPS) coolers used in sites that
ship products that must be kept at specific temperatures.
The work for these teams is challenging because there’s
almost always room for improvement.
Like most companies, Agilent uses filler in our packing
process to prevent damage during shipping. Our team
in Penang, Malaysia, has begun replacing plastic-based
styrofoam peanut-shaped filler with Kraft paper.
“Even when we introduce an
improvement, we continue to
look for better ways. We’re very
The team’s initial efforts
proud of the forward-looking
have saved about 530 lbs.
research and testing that we
in styrofoam peanut usage.
are doing, and we hope to add
more improvements as we learn.
Ultimately, we would love to
Paper is preferred
see all packaging everywhere,
In the coming year, Agilent’s Global Packaging Team
from every company, become
will evaluate the use and implementation of sustainable
paper-based filler at all of Agilent’s manufacturing and 100% sustainable.”
logistics sites.
– Nick Valerio, packaging engineer from
In the U.S., Agilent eliminated the use of plastic foams in
the New Product Introduction Team
over 25% of our packaging in 2019. For the packages that
still required the use of foam, we implemented the use of
a foam that contains 60% - 100% recycled content.
33Forward, Together
Supplier teamwork: observing, Manufacturing team improves
suggesting, improving results for all efficiency, provides jobs for
people with disabilities
Agilent is proud to be an active collaborator with
customers and suppliers. At times, the actual
Last year, the manufacturing team for the Biomolecular
help we provide may be as simple as a minor
Analysis Division in Waldbronn, Germany was challenged
suggestion, but sometimes those small things
to convert an existing assembly line to include a new,
can lead to great results.
additional product without adding any production space.
For example, in 2019, we were working with a supplier Line Supervisor Christian Scharf asked his team to gather
whose product packaging shipments were creating all the problems they were facing, asking a simple question:
minor labor and quality issues on our end. What slows you down in your daily work?
The Logistics Inventory Storage (LFS) team in Little Falls, The cross-functional teams started brainstorming and
Delaware noticed that products were packed too loosely, then developed an “Ease and Impact” matrix to simplify the
causing movement during transportation and higher rates problems. As the team started identifying improvements,
of damage. The oversized packaging also required extra it decided to focus on assembling devices and improving
storage space on shelves. processes instead of interrupting its work to prepare one
small but essential part.
Agilent team members discussed the issue with LFS
Procurement, and our buyer noticed that the packaging
also led to excess freight costs. The solution? The team decided to outsource
that task and support an important community
organization at the same time.
Details make the difference
Agilent was already working with Lebenshilfe BBA, a
Working with Logistics, the Procurement team inspected
nonprofit organization that provides employment
the original packaging of each item, took dimensional
opportunities for people with disabilities. The new Agilent
and weight measurements, and noted issues in
work was awarded to Lebenshilfe BBA and today, many
the current designs. Then the team reached out to
of its members are proud to be earning paychecks for
the supplier to discuss learnings and team up to
their hard work, preparing small, important parts for
determine potential solutions.
use in one of Agilent’s analytical instruments.
Americas Logistics, Category Management, and
Procurement Engineering collaborated with our supplier
to develop new, more efficient packaging and shipment-
lot quantities for 37 different part numbers.
The supplier happily made the packaging improvements,
which, in the long run, helped their business and saved
Agilent over $100,000.
The best result
After right-sizing packaging and reducing shipping weight,
those products are now more sustainable for all end-users.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
34
8 9The workers of Lebenshilfe BBA, a nonprofit that provides jobs for the disabled,
are now assembling small parts for our site in Waldbronn, Germany.
35Forward, Together
Energy outlook: brighter every day Analytica: Agilent plans its first
carbon neutral event
Clean energy clearly has a bright future at Agilent. In 2019,
we increased our commitment to clean, reusable energy
Analytica – considered the world’s leading trade fair for
with the addition of three new solar sites that will provide a
laboratory technology, analysis and biotechnology –
total carbon offset of 277 metric tons.
presents a massive business opportunity for Agilent.
• In Middelburg, the Netherlands, a 120-kilowatt solar
But with well over 1,000 exhibitors vying for attention,
photovoltaic rooftop system was completed in May
how would Agilent stand out?
2019. It is now generating about 108.000 kWh of
First, by starting well in advance. Work on this event began
power per year.
in early 2019, when Agilent’s marketing experts decided the
• The Lexington, Massachusetts, site started on a
best approach would be to play to our strengths, as well as
660-kilowatt solar photovoltaic carport system in
to market needs. Our booth theme became “Better Results,
2019, which was completed in January 2020. This
Sustainably Inspired.”
project will reduce annual energy usage by more
But planners decided they wanted to do even more to stand
than 32%, while providing covered parking and
out. They couldn’t overlook the fact that while promoting
stormwater management.
sustainability, their attendance would negatively impact the
• A new solar photovoltaic carport for Singapore is
environment – especially carbon emissions – by travelling
one of the largest business-owned solar installations
to the event and shipping all the necessary materials.
in the country. It is expected to reduce our carbon
The team hired Carbon Footprint Ltd. to lead an initiative
footprint by approximately 1.5 million tons. Started
that would offset the unavoidable carbon emissions,
in 2019, the site went live in early 2020.
making Agilent’s participation at Analytica a
These three new solar installations are in addition to our
carbon-neutral event.
impressive BioTek solar facilities, which are expected to
offset 100% of the site’s annual electricity costs well into
the future. They rely on a five-acre, 500-kilowatt solar farm
in Whiting, Vermont and an 88-kilowatt photovoltaic solar
energy installation in Milton, Vermont.
Second Bloom energy
fuel server powers up
Agilent’s commitment to sustainability took another major
step forward in 2019 as our second Bloom energy fuel
server powered up, this time in Little Falls, Delaware. The
innovative 1.3-megawatt system converts natural gas into
electricity by chemical reaction rather than combustion. It
provides about 80% of Little Falls’ site power, generates no
emissions of smog, nitrogen dioxide (NO2) or sulfur dioxide
(SO2), and offsets carbon dioxide emissions by about
3,500 metric tons per year. This is the equivalent of taking From the Amazon rainforest to the
about 757 passenger vehicles off the road, while saving Great Rift Valley, Kenya
Agilent $1.2 million in electricity costs over 15 years.
Through Carbon Footprint Ltd., Agilent donated money
in support of the Verified Carbon Standard project in the
Amazon, the world’s largest remaining rainforest, in Brazil.
This project works to prevent deforestation, and is expected
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals to avoid the consequences of over 22 million tons of
6 8 13 15 carbondioxide equivalent greenhouse gas emissions,
over a 40-year period.
36In addition, in September, we
supported the planting of 200 trees
in the Great Rift Valley as part of The Calculating Agilent’s future
Kenya Reforestation project, which
carbon footprint at Analytica
also helped provide employment for
impoverished people. Agilent partnered with Carbon Footprint Ltd., which offers a
The planning team was thrilled to see great range of carbon offset projects meeting international
photos of our actual tree planting event, standards as well as the Quality Assurance for Carbon
complete with workers wearing Agilent Offsetting standards.
t-shirts, and excited to use these Based on data provided by Agilent, Carbon Footprint Ltd.
images at Analytica. developed an initial estimate of 20.23 tons of carbon dioxide
that would be emitted by our Analytica participation. To
Along came COVID-19 ensure that our attendance would be carbon neutral, we
volunteered to offset 10 times more than that estimate.
Due to the global onset of
COVID-19, the Analytica conference The carbon footprint assessment included:
transitioned to a virtual event and
• Site energy consumption (estimated)
rescheduled for October 2020.
• Hotel stays
While the team was initially
• Car travel to and from events
disappointed, they translated
their plans for an on-site booth • Air travel to and from events
to a strong virtual presence.
• Taxi travel during events
The group plans to continue
• Freight transportation
responsible event organization,
going paperless and plastic-free,
and partnering with environmentally
conscious vendors.
37Forward, Together
Hangzhou, China
Our operations
Our Business Growth
Agilent made substantial investments in the business in 2019, supporting
both growth and research and development (R&D) capabilities.
Acquisitions
In August, we finalized the purchase
Early in our fiscal year, Agilent of BioTek Instruments, a global
announced the acquisition of ACEA leader in the design, manufacture
Biosciences, Inc., a developer of and distribution of innovative life
cutting-edge cell analysis tools. science instrumentation. The BioTek
This purchase brings together two acquisition further expands Agilent’s
pioneers in cellular function and growing presence and expertise in
metabolism measurements focused cell analysis and strengthens the
on real-time, live cell analyses. ACEA company’s position in the large
has headquarters in San Diego and and growing immuno-oncology
a large manufacturing and R&D and immunotherapy areas. The
footprint in Hangzhou, China. business is headquartered in
Winooski, Vermont.
Winooski, Vermont
San Diego, California
38Three international R&D hubs opened
Agilent also invested in opening three international
research and development (R&D) hubs in 2019
These top tier sites will facilitate global partnerships,
Singapore
collaboration and research among scientists, clinicians NUS and NUH
and industry partners, accelerating outcomes and
improving the quality of life.
• Agilent partnered with the National University of
Singapore (NUS) and National University Hospital
(NUH) to establish Singapore’s first integrated
translational R&D hub: the NUS-Agilent Hub for
Translation and Capture.
• Working together, this team will use biochemical
and analytical innovation and research
data bioinformatics to develop new mass
spectrometry clinical methods, initially focusing
on cardiovascular disease and diabetes, with
broader metabolic disorders and predictive
Ireland
bioanalytical panels into the future. Luxcel Biosciences
• The facility comprises iconic laboratories at
NUS and NUH, providing dedicated research
space for international collaboration among
scientists, clinicians and industry partners.
United Kingdom
• In the U.K., Agilent opened a new state-of-the- Harwell Science and
Innovation Campus
art facility for spectroscopy R&D at the Harwell
at Oxfordshire
Science and Innovation Campus at Oxfordshire.
The site will be a major hub for laser spectroscopy
and includes the company’s Laser Spectroscopy
Center of Excellence, focusing on R&D in vibrational
spectroscopy. The site also accommodates
Agilent’s Raman spectroscopy business.
• The company expanded its growing cell analysis
R&D capabilities in Cork, Ireland with a purpose-
built addition for Luxcel Biosciences business,
acquired in November 2018.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goal
39
3Forward, Together
Agilent and COVID-19
Near the end of 2019, COVID-19
unexpectedly disrupted the world.
When the novel virus was reported in
China, we quickly stepped up, offering
instruments, resources, expertise,
scientific teams and management talent
to address the problems facing China’s
academic and clinical organizations.
Moorthy Narayanaswamy, service business manager in Chennai,
India, found a quiet and comfortable spot to work from home
In January 2020, we donated equipment to four entities during the COVID-19 pandemic.
in China: The First Affiliated Hospital, School of Medicine,
Zhejiang University; Tongji Hospital, Huazhong University • Digital solutions are keeping research laboratories up
of Science and Technology; Wuhan Institute of Virology, and running during this critical time.
China Academy of Sciences; and the National Institute for • Training: We offer one of the largest bodies of online
Viral Disease Control and Prevention, Chinese Center for learning available in the industry. Our team has
Disease Control and Prevention. mobilized to offer more instructor-led virtual courses,
Additional contributions were made to other institutions marrying remote access with live instructors, real-
so that global researchers could quickly ramp up and time exercises and discussions. Over 50 multi-lingual
begin their work. courses are now available.
• Field service, repairs and installations: On-site
Our ongoing fight against COVID-19 service and installations are still available, following
strict social-distancing protocols. In addition, new
Agilent continues to support three major areas of COVID-19
virtual access options allow our technicians to
work: infectious disease research; test development;
remotely address complex service issues, almost
and vaccine and drug development. See how we provide
as if these experts were on site. Calls and WebEx
information to help researchers find the best potential
meetings are always an option, and our online
paths to answers.
Agilent Community allows customers to be an
COVID-19 has touched all areas of our business. Here’s a
amazing help to each other as well.
quick look at how we are addressing this crisis:
• We’ve been transparent and stayed in communication Employees partner to help
with our stakeholders. See some frequently asked
• At the onset of the pandemic, we made our own hand
questions about COVID-19 as well as our business.
sanitizer. Read about Project Nightingale here.
• Many of our customers are using Agilent instruments
• Nursing homes and other medical facilities in Ankeny,
and solutions in their laboratory flow for COVID-19
Iowa needed protective face shields, so Agilent came
research. See the latest news about their progress.
to the rescue. Learn more here.
• We executed our Enterprise Risk Management
• As COVID-19 spread, the number of volunteers
program, outlining our approach to managing our
everywhere dwindled – but help was desperately
business during this global pandemic. Many
needed at the Singapore Food Bank. See how the
employees are working remotely.
Agilent Singapore site’s REACH program helped.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
40
3 8Customer health
and safety
At Agilent, we know our customers
want the best return on their investment.
That’s why we ensure, through our
Quality Management System (QMS),
that our products and services are
delivered to the level and quality
our customers expect.
Our QMS is built upon a Quality Policy
aligned with our customer expectations:
Agilent earns customer loyalty by
providing trusted answers through
continuous improvement of products,
services and interactions of the
highest quality and greatest value.
Assessment of the health and safety
impacts of product and service categories
Agilent’s quality and environmental policies mandate
we provide products and services that meet legal
and regulatory requirements, including applicable
environmental, health and safety standards. Agilent
is committed to continuous improvement of the
environmental aspects and impacts of our products
as demonstrated by Agilent’s ISO 14001 certificate,
which is regularly audited by an external party.
Marketing and labeling
Agilent complies with required labeling for substance
identification in our products in accordance with
regulations and safe use guidance for products
produced by Agilent.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goal
41
3Forward, Together
Requirements for products and service In 2018, Agilent successfully implemented a
comprehensive program to comply with the EU General
information and labeling
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We completed a
Annually Agilent communicates materials specifications thorough analysis of how and where we collect, process
through “General Specifications for Environment,” shared and store personal data, and updated our standard
with suppliers to inform them of banned chemicals/ operating procedures, policies and processes as necessary
materials that should not be included in material/parts/ in order to comply with the new GDPR requirements. We
products purchased by Agilent to ensure compliance designed new processes, including Data Subject Requests
with global regulations and minimize the environmental and Data Protection Impact Assessment Processes, to
impact of its products and operations. Agilent also address new obligations under the GDPR, which will enable
provides Safety Data Sheets with Agilent and third us to help our customers as needed for them to comply
party-provided chemicals supplied stand-alone or with their obligations under the GDPR.
with products for safe use.
Agilent personnel received training on GDPR requirements
The company also operates an end-of-life customer and on Agilent’s obligations as both a data controller and
returns system. Reuse programs are offered for selected data processor. To further embed privacy in every aspect
Agilent products. The programs address the requirements of our business, Agilent established a Data Privacy Board
posed by the European WEEE (Waste from Electrical and with Senior Management across the entire business,
Electronic Equipment) Directive. Please see Agilent’s Take complemented by dedicated Privacy Champions in each
Back Program. function, responsible for acting as the voice of privacy
in their area. We have leveraged and expanded these
processes to address newly emerging privacy regulations
Customer privacy
across the globe.
At Agilent, protecting the privacy of our employees and
Agilent has an ongoing privacy program and full details of
customers is critical to our success. We treat the collection
how we treat personal data can be found in our privacy
and use of personal data with sensitivity and in accordance
statement here. Agilent is unaware of any complaints
with applicable laws and regulations. Data privacy is
regarding breaches of customer privacy or loss of data.
embedded in every aspect of our business, and our global
Agilent has appointed a Data Protection Officer to comply
privacy program focuses on ensuring that our policies,
with the requirements of the GDPR and safeguard Agilent’s
processes and operations meet the demands placed on
ongoing commitment to protecting personal data.
us by customers, employees, regulators and most of all,
If you have any questions on Agilent’s privacy program,
our own commitment to the protection of personal data.
please contact our Data Protection Officer at
This includes a continued focus on expanding our
data-protection.officer@agilent.com.
program in light of newly emerging regulations such
as Brazil’s Lei Geral de Protecao de Dados and
California’s Consumer Privacy Act.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goal
42
8Our people Policies
Environmental health and safety policy
Employment Agilent is committed to providing healthy and safe work
environments and processes that enable our people
Agilent is positioned to become a leader in innovation,
to work injury-free and illness-free while acting in an
creativity, problem-solving and organizational flexibility. As
environmentally responsible manner.
a company, we must be able to address work/life balance
challenges and leverage diverse perspectives, talents
Human rights and labor policy
and teams to meet this global challenge. The workforce
demographics are changing in most countries and the Our policies and practices require Agilent to conduct our
competition to attract and retain top talent is increasing. business with uncompromising integrity and to promote
Global competitiveness will not be achieved merely by human rights within the company’s sphere of influence.
designing, manufacturing, marketing and selling superior
Employee Volunteer Time Off
products. Agilent strives to develop and apply excellent
global people skills around the world. Agilent employees may use up to six work days per year to
volunteer at charitable organizations that meet Agilent’s
We are in tune with the changing global economic
program guidelines.
marketplace and work to ensure that our policies and
practices support our core beliefs and values, our guiding
Privacy policy
principles and our goals to make Agilent a best place to
At Agilent, protecting the privacy of our employees and
work for every employee. Company policies and practices
customers is critical to our success. We treat the collection
support global diversity and inclusion and work/life
and use of personal data with sensitivity and in accordance
success. Agilent is committed to creating a diverse
with applicable laws and regulations. Data privacy is
work environment and is proud to be an equal
embedded in every aspect of our business, and our global
opportunity employer.
privacy program focuses on ensuring that our policies,
processes and operations meet the demands placed on us
Agilent benefits by customers, employees, regulators and most of all, our
own commitment to the protection of personal data.
Our benefits are offered to eligible employees and comply
with local legal requirements. Agilent has a number of
Employee diversity and inclusion
programs and policies designed to help employees in its
Agilent’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion
diverse workforce manage their work and personal lives
helps us to be a great place to work, ignite innovation and
while meeting company objectives for business success:
deliver superior business results. Agilent applies a range
• Flexible work hours
of policies, programs and practices to promote diversity,
• Holidays inclusion, accessibility and work/life balance, including:
• Flexible time hours • Non-discrimination policy
• Flexible work arrangements
• Harassment-free work environment
• Leaves of absence
• Education assistance program
• Health and welfare benefits
• Employee assistance program
• Retirement plans
• Employee network groups
• Employee and Family Assistance Plan
• Unconscious bias training
• Competitive medical, dental, disability and
• Balanced approach between campus recruiting and
life insurance plans
experienced hiring
• Employee Stock Purchase Plan
• Flexible and part-time work schedules when possible
• Parental leave
43Forward, Together
44For 2020, we have established new Training and education
measures in the areas of employee Training at Agilent takes several forms: face-to-face
perception, leadership gender diversity classroom experiences, on-the-job learning, virtual
classroom events and self-paced e-learning.
and pay equity to ensure we deliver on
our commitment. We also recognize • One hundred percent of Agilent employees receive
regular performance reviews.
there’s always more work to be done.
• In 2019, approximately 99% of our Agilent employees
We are committed to making Agilent
completed training activities, with over 156,000
the best place to work for everyone.
documented instances of training, including over
150,000 self-paced online course completions.
Occupational health and safety • Employees average 32.6 hours of training per year per
person, including both regular and temporary.
Agilent Technologies operates under a company-wide
environmental, health and safety management system
(EHSMS) that applies to Agilent design, development, Programs for upgrading employee skills
manufacturing, distribution, and sales and service and transition assistance programs
operations worldwide. The EHSMS provides a framework
Our investment in our people’s growth is an investment
for Agilent’s business operations to make decisions
in our business and in the retention of our competitive
regarding their environmental and Occupational Health
advantage, our edge and our top talents. Agilent is
and Safety (OHS) activities in response to changing
committed to providing an environment in which
internal and external factors. The EHSMS is supported
employees can expand their knowledge, develop new
by key processes focused on planning, implementation
skills, and contribute their best work.
and operation, checking and corrective action, and
Our culture of continuous development instills in our
management review.
employees the behaviors that bring our values to life every
Agilent reviews its OHS aspects annually. Each region
day. We encourage our people to stay up-to-date on current
conducts its own local reviews, which are consolidated
research and technology while enhancing their current
into a Global OHS aspects and impacts register. Those
skills and growing new skills to meet future needs; we also
OHS aspects that attain the highest (risk) scores are either
put special emphasis on training managers at all levels
assigned objectives and targets for the current year or,
to effectively communicate, role model and reinforce our
if they are business fundamentals, will have associated
values and culture.
programs established to ensure compliance and
implementation of risk-based management approaches.
Performance related to these objectives and programs is
monitored and reported to senior management at least
quarterly and identified in quarterly business reviews.
Formal Management Reviews are held twice annually to
report current OHS performance to senior management.
Any deviations from target are noted, and corrective
actions or changes to strategies are identified for approval.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
45
3 8 10Forward, Together
Diversity and Equal Opportunity
Percentage of board members by gender
Agilent has a longstanding commitment to diversity
and age group (under 30; 30–50; over 50):
and inclusion. Agilent recognizes the potential of
every employee and continues to strive to make our
Male/Female 72%/27%
values a true part of the company culture. Agilent has
been recognized by Forbes as one of America’s Best
Under 30 years of age 0%
Employers for Diversity 2019 and one of America’s Best
Employers for Women 2019.
Between 30-50 years of age 0%
Agilent tracks gender diversity on a global basis. The
company measures the balance of male and female
Greater than 50 years of age 100%
employees at various levels in the company, as well
as hiring and attrition rates for men and women.
Percentage of employees and
As part of Agilent’s commitment to diversity and inclusion,
managers by gender:
Agilent’s CEO has joined more than 900 CEOs around
the world in CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion.
Employees Managers
See our 2019 Diversity and Inclusion report and our
EEOC report for details.
Male 62% 71%
Ratio of basic salary and
Female 38% 29%
remuneration of women to men
The following data indicates the salary ratio of men to
women by employee category. The ratios shown were Percentage of employees and managers
calculated by determining the average comparative by age group (under 30; 30–50; over 50):
ratio (compa-ratio) of pay for men and women in each
employee category, then dividing the average compa- Employees Managers
ratio for men by the average compa-ratio for women.
Compa-ratio indicates an individual’s pay position versus % Under 30 years of age 15.6% 0.8%
the mid-point of the pay range for the assigned job.
% 30-50 years of age 60.6% 63.8%
% Over 50 years of age 23.8% 35.4%
Ratio of average compa-ratio men/women
Employee categories Male Female Male/Female
Leadership (Officers, Execs, SMs) .99 .97 1.02
Tech .94 .92 1.02
Non-Tech .93 .93 1.00
Total Global Workforce .93 .93 1.00
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
46
8 10Human rights
Agilent acknowledges and respects the fundamental principles contained in the Universal Declaration of
Human Rights. Agilent’s core values and culture reflect a commitment to ethical business practices
and good corporate citizenship. Our policies and practices require that we conduct our business with
uncompromising integrity and promote human rights within the company’s sphere of influence. In terms
of child labor, Agilent condemns all forms of exploitation of children. Agilent will not recruit child labor
and supports the elimination of exploitive child labor. Agilent is unaware of any operations or suppliers
identified as having significant risk for incidents of child labor.
Employee training on human rights policies or procedures
All Agilent employees participate in the annual required training in the Standards of Business Conduct,
which outlines expectations for dealing with customers, suppliers and conduct in the workplace.
All procurement professionals, as part of Standards of Business Conduct training, are requested to
take additional online training on Environmental, Health, Safety and Social Responsibility which
covers Human Rights.
One hundred percent of Agilent’s purchase order agreements include human rights clauses and
require that suppliers comply with Agilent Supplier Code of Conduct Policy.
47FEornwagrd, aToggeteherment
Planting Mangrove
Trees in Malaysia
Agilent Malaysia Employee Community
Social Services (ECSS) Environmental
Pillar members and Environmental
Health Services developed an outreach
program for the Malaysia team. They
used their Volunteer Time Off (VTO)
hours to plant mangrove trees, which
prevent beach erosion and protect sea
animals and water quality. Volunteers
met at the Mangrove Forest Education
Centre in Penang, where they learned
about the importance of mangrove
forest preservation, toured part of the
forest and spent their day planting
trees in the woods.
India Kids' Science Day
Agilent India hosted Kids’ Science Day for children of employees in June 2019.
More than 200 children, aged 5-17, participated in fun and educational activities.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
48
8 13 15Family Day in China:
Record-breaking
attendance
China’s 2019 Agilent Family
Day broke previous records
with more than 2,000
employees and family
members attending events in
Beijing, Chengdu, Guangzhou,
Hangzhou, Qingdao, Shanghai
ATS, Shanghai Litong and
Shengyang. More than 300
employee volunteers helped
make Family Day possible.
For the first time, the Shanghai Family Day was celebrated at the Shanghai Science and Technology Museum (SSTM), where
more than 800 employees and family members participated. In addition to a tour of the museum, volunteers from both Agilent
and the SSTM delivered several popular science classes for kids using Agilent After School science projects. Agilent and the
SSTM have built a strong partnership, promoting science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education and careers.
Ankeny team wins trophy, 25 medals
in local corporate games
Agilent colleagues in Ankeny, Iowa, joined forces for
some local competition, taking on other corporations
in the area. About half of the site’s 85 employees
participated, and the team brought home 25 medals:
12 gold, seven silver and six bronze.
49FDorwivarde, Trogsetihteyr & Inclusion
Check Your Blind Spots – Unconscious Bias Tour: Reducing bias, improving inclusion
A flashy painted bus, proclaiming, “Check Your Blind Spots – This special event was made possible through CEO
Unconscious Bias Tour,” rolled up to Santa Clara, California Action for Diversity & Inclusion™, the largest CEO-driven
headquarters last year, providing a unique education on business commitment to improve diversity and inclusion
wheels for Agilent employees. within the workplace in the U.S. Agilent joined the
organization in 2018.
The interactive multimedia bus was fully loaded with
virtual reality and gaming technology, designed to help
participants better understand and recognize unconscious
biases – blind spots – that can narrow vision and
influence everyday decision making.
Helping employees recognize bias
Activities included “Wake Up Call,” where participants
listened in on realistic conversations to identify potential
bias, participated in virtual reality interactions, and
considered taking the “I Act On” pledge to demonstrate
their personal commitment to inclusion.
Employees were encouraged to take the “I Act On” pledge:
“The tour was a fun and innovative way to learn more
“I pledge to check my bias, speak up for others and show up for all,”
then post a photo to spread the word. about unconscious bias and how it may show up in the
workplace,” said one participant. Another added, “We all
have our own story and we all want to be included.”
Additional training for leaders
As part of our advanced training for senior leadership,
an optional “Managing Unconscious Bias” training was
provided; more than 50% have taken the course to date.
Executives have also enrolled in this training, with 90%
having completed the course.
The Unconscious Bias Tour bus entertained and educated
employees using virtual reality and gaming.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goal
50
10Sonia Kapoor: Her singlehood story
Last fall, India Today highlighted a major societal trend in the
country: independent Indian women and their embrace of
a single lifestyle, also known as “singlehood.” Sonia Kapoor,
an attorney in Legal Global Contracts, shared her singlehood
experience, along with eight other women in a story called,
“Brave New Woman.” Kapoor was featured on the cover of the
publication, the country’s most widely circulated magazine.
Read the full article here.
51Forward, Together How Women@Agilent helped
Kaul change careers
Employee Network Groups: Last year, Sonu Kaul recognized it was time to
Bigger and better than ever shift from her successful career path and aim
for something new, thanks to lessons learned
Agilent employees now lead Employee Network from her Women@Agilent group. She hopes that
Groups (ENG) in every region, creating opportunities sharing her story will encourage others to pursue
for personal growth, professional development and their dream careers.
career networks around the world.
From Sonu Kaul:
“Our ENGs share a common purpose,” said Annette
Leder, vice president of Finance and ENG executive As a mother of two children and a volunteer at a
sponsor. “They bring employees together in ways non-profit organization helping victims of domestic
that help them feel accepted, included and heard, and violence, I found that I preached a lot, especially
that’s something that’s important to everyone.” with statements like, “Step outside your comfort
zone for growth and change.”
Members are quick to point out that Employee
Network Groups provide outstanding opportunities At times, I asked myself if I was heeding my own
to learn and grow, personally and professionally. advice. I did take up new activities like hot yoga and
“Our meetings attract a wide range of people from all classes at a community college, but it wasn’t enough.
levels of the organization, from newer and early career I knew I wanted to try something different
employees to senior leaders and decision makers,” professionally, but that’s easier said than done.
said one member. “It’s an easy and safe way to share I was in technical support management for over
ideas that otherwise, may not be heard.” five years, and it was familiar to me. I was neither
All employees are welcome to attend or join any bored nor unchallenged. I had a great team and my
Employee Network Groups and activities: colleagues were fantastic, so it was an ideal situation.
The age-old saying “If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it” nagged
• Society of Women Engineers@Agilent, our first
me, and I did what many folks in my state would do:
ENG, promotes opportunities for women in
I did not fix anything.
engineering and other technical careers.
• INSPIRE, in Denmark, aims to help newcomers Learning from shared experiences
in particular develop around-the-world networks of participants
and further their career through its buddy As I started attending Women@Agilent Santa Clara
program and activities. events, I met many people (mostly women and a few
• Women@Agilent, in the spirit of building a gender- men, including our CEO) from different departments
inclusive workplace, focuses on advancing the and learned something valuable from every session.
professional and personal development of anyone I found most people were open and even vulnerable
identifying as female. The group has active when they spoke about their struggles and wins.
chapters in Australia/New Zealand, Santa Clara, The most critical lesson for me was learned by
Carpinteria, Delaware, Germany, Korea listening closely to these women who were sharing
and Singapore, in addition to a virtual global their experiences. I realized even the most successful
Instrument Manufacturing group. leaders were not perfect — they did not have all the
answers — but they were resilient, curious learners
who continually challenged themselves.
This was a turning point for me. It gave me the
confidence to embrace the uncertainty and change
something that was not broken. I realized that
continuing to stay in my safe, predictable space
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals would be a disservice to me and no one else.
8 10
52Agilent CTO named to top 25
women leaders in biotech
Darlene Solomon, Senior Vice President and
Chief Technology Officer
Healthcare Technology Report announced its
2019 Top 25 Women Leaders in Biotech, and
Agilent’s own Darlene Solomon, senior vice
president and chief technology
officer, is on the list.
Sonu Kaul, Ph.D, On Demand Services program manager
Each year, the publication honors women in
Choosing roles, losing the hesitation
key roles for some of the most important
Having done my homework, I looked closely at open jobs global companies shaping the future of
and applied for my current position in SSD Marketing in biotechnology. The evaluation process included
2019. It was a different role, but I made sure I met 70-80% a detailed review of the depth of professional
of the job requirements, another valuable lesson I learned experience as well as the caliber of career
at Women@Agilent events. Unlike men, females tend to achievements. The report also noted,
only apply for jobs when they match close to 100% of the “These women have demonstrated a
requirements, which limits their future opportunities. After commitment to the advancement of biotech.”
a series of tough interviews, I got the job.
The excitement and nervousness I felt made me remember
Recognition
how I felt when I first joined Agilent in 2008. As I shared
my news with a few folks in the group, I got nothing but
Forbes Best Employers
encouragement from all the women and men. It felt like
for Diversity 2019
everyone was rooting for me.
I have been in my new role for a little over 12 months now, Forbes US Top Employer
and I am happy that I stepped outside my comfort zone. for Women 2019
My partners in Women@Agilent gave me the confidence to
know that it is not always about just how fast or far you go Great Place to Work Certified
in your career. It’s all about losing the hesitation and having Best Workplace for Women
the courage to want to grow, vertically or laterally. in Greater China 2019
I feel grateful for the people who surround me in my
2019 Best Family Friendly
personal and professional life, for Women@Agilent Santa
Clara, and I am most grateful that I pushed myself to try Management Company,
and improve something that was not even broken. Korea Minister of Gender
Equity and Family
53FDorwivarde, Trogsetihteyr & Inclusion
Two lessons learned through “The Power of Personal Branding” resonated with me
because it was a big reminder of how important your
SWE@Agilent
personal brand is. It’s about how others perceive you and
In 2019, Kelly was a member of the Agilent delegation how that can play a powerful role in your career and in life.
that attended the national Society of Women Engineers The presenter pointed out that you can negatively impact
conference. She attended dozens of workshops, but two your personal brand by apologizing unnecessarily and this
were especially eye-opening. She surprised herself with tied in perfectly with the theme of the other session.
how she put that knowledge to work.
No apologies necessary
“Sorry, Not Sorry” was a great discussion about how many
times a day we – especially women – apologize for
something when we really mean “excuse me,”
“thank you,” or “I appreciate that ….”
I realized that I’m one of those women who says, “I’m sorry”
all the time. This can downplay my importance, or the
importance of what I’m trying to say to someone. And it
can also directly impact my personal brand. I want my
brand to be strong and positive, not apologetic. So that
was a great insight for me, and I have really been working
on getting rid of that phrase unless I truly mean it.
I felt so passionately about the topic that, after I returned
from the national SWE conference, I decided I wanted to
From Kelly Beckerman:
share my learnings with others. I used my notes, did some
I read about the Agilent Society of Women Engineers additional research and created my own version of the
group—SWE@Agilent—on the intranet at work. My manager presentation. I actually delivered it to an audience of
approved me joining the group to travel to the national SWE about 80 people during a SWE@Agilent event.
Conference. I tend to be a nervous presenter but delivering a topic
Before I ever got there, the SWE@Agilent team was in touch that I feel so strongly about, to an audience of
with attendees. At first, there was pre-work that had to get SWE@Agilent members, made all the difference.
done, and then there were meetings to organize members It was a great opportunity to practice and polish my
that were attending, and later, there were even opportunities presentation skills and gain confidence in a safe
to network and build friendships cross-country during the environment with my SWE peers.
event in Anaheim. It was a great networking opportunity. It’s wonderful to be part of a supportive organization
I went to so many sessions during the three-day conference, where everyone has the opportunity to share their
but two sessions in particular really struck a chord with me. knowledge, help others build a skill or even just inspire
One was, “The Power of Personal Branding,” and the other others. It’s helped my professional growth and given me
was called, “Sorry, Not Sorry.” so much more confidence. If I was asked to present
again on a topic that I’m passionate about, I’m 100%
sure that I’d sign up.
54Singapore employees share their cultural diversity
A Cultural Diversity Fair was one of several ways Singapore employees celebrated their many unique cultures.
Diversity and inclusion are Agilent strengths, so it’s fitting along with Fabrice Thomas, vice president, OFS Global
that one of Agilent’s most diverse sites – Singapore – Supply Chain, Chee Beng Lim, senior director, WW
celebrated the power of diversity for an entire week to Service Parts and Asia Pacific Logistics, and David
coincide with the United Nation’s World Day for Cultural Cheong, Channel Sales and Development director, South
Diversity on May 21. Singapore site employees represent Asia Pacific & Korea, Laboratory Solution Sales, Agilent
more than 19 nationalities. Singapore (Sales) Pte Ltd., showed their strong support
as they took on the role of preparing and serving the
From a simple pop quiz to wearing traditional national
traditional delicacies.
clothing to the main event – a Cultural Diversity Fair
on May 23 – employees celebrated by sharing food “Events like this showcase Agilent’s commitment to both
and engaging in group activities. More than 10 booths a diverse workforce — one made up of individuals with
in the cafeteria offered traditional delicacies and gave different identities, experiences and perspectives — and
employees opportunities to try games and crafts an inclusive environment in which we respect and value
from other cultures and nationalities. each person,” says Dr. Vimala Sreenivasan, associate VP,
sales South Asia Pacific & Tech Touch & Singapore site
Leaders show strong support, commitment
GM. “It is this uniqueness of individuals that continues to
Site leaders, including Woai Sheng Chow, vice inspire Agilent and all of us to build a better future.”
president and general manager, OFS Global Instrument
Manufacturing & Singapore Country General Manager
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
8 10
55FOorwuarrd, TCogeothmer munities
Agilent’s worldwide community programs tangibly demonstrate
the company’s values and commitment to corporate citizenship.
In communities where we operate, we contribute through
the Agilent Foundation and company grants, employee
volunteerism, public policy and community partnerships in the
areas of science education and workplace giving campaigns.
Through grants and donations, Agilent supports programs Volunteer Time Off: Four employees
designed to increase student interest and achievement
set out to change the world
in science education, with an emphasis on populations
under-represented in the technology industry. Each year Last year, thousands of Agilent employees volunteered
Agilent employees throughout the world devote thousands their time and energy to make a difference in thousands
of volunteer hours to increasing student interest in science of different ways. Many of these individuals took
and other community activities. Agilent employees make advantage of Agilent’s VTO program, which provides
their communities a better place to live and work through up to six paid days a year to volunteer at approved
their generous contributions and volunteerism efforts. nonprofits. Here are the inspiring stories of four
employees who set out to make a difference —
Agilent’s Volunteer Time Off (VTO) program allows eligible
and did.
employees to take up to six days of paid time off each year
for volunteer activities with charities and organizations.
Rob Braaten
The Agilent Year-Round Giving Program provides
Sierra Leone, Africa
employees the opportunity to support a broad range of
eligible non-profit organizations in their communities in
Sharon Tran
the areas of health and human services, arts and culture,
education and literacy, environment and conservation, OzHarvest, Australia
and family and civic betterment.
The Agilent Foundation matches those employee Diego Diaz-Ramos
contributions dollar-for-dollar, doubling the employee
Spain
donation and allowing the Foundation to support our
employees’ preferred charities.
Traugott Maurer
In addition to the Giving Program, the Agilent Foundation
Bahnhofsmission, Germany
supports other initiatives to enhance, enrich and support
the communities in which Agilent operates.
56Building partnerships, equal arranged for us to stay in a small guest house. We had a
simple, comfortable room with bucket baths and indoor
treatment and better health
plumbing. There was an outdoor kitchen and the staff
in Sierra Leone cooked our meals over a charcoal fire. We enjoyed local
food, whatever the staff would eat, and it was quite good:
From Rob Braaten, service and sales representative, Canada: lots of fresh mangoes, pineapple, bananas, greens,
chicken and fish.
It was absolutely life changing.
Our schedules: never a dull moment
That’s what I’d say about my volunteer experience. My
For the first week, I supported Ellen and her colleagues
wife, Ellen, is a teacher, and she had volunteered with the
as they led a workshop for local teachers, showing them
Freedom Tree organization in Sierra Leone four times
how to run an after-school girls’ empowerment program.
and loved it. She tried to get me to go and I never could
The initiative was envisioned by the Sierra Leone Freedom
schedule the time, but thanks to the VTO program at
Tree staff and designed by Ellen.
Agilent, I finally made it work. From Canada, it took us
about 24 hours to get to the city of Bo, which is the second- For our second week, Ellen and her colleagues organized
largest city in Sierra Leone. That’s where Freedom Tree a three-day weekend camp for children enrolled in
57FOorwuarrd, TCogeothmer munities
Freedom Tree’s educational sponsorship programs,
so I worked there. On the other days, we traveled to
remote villages to help in medical clinics. I could go on
and on about our amazing experiences, but I think it is
better to give a summary of the main events of our trip.
Let me tell you about the things that stand out for me.
Girls Advocacy Movement: providing
a different perspective
Throughout the weeklong Girls Advocacy Movement
workshop, we encouraged teachers to provide a safe place
for girls to learn and to create an environment where girls
are treated as equals to boys in all subjects.
In Sierra Leone, most of the teachers are men, since
few women have the educational qualifications to teach.
Girls are seen as family support, so the choice is often
made to keep them at home to help with laundry (done
in buckets after hauling water!), cooking, and caring for
younger siblings. This means that many girls fall far behind
academically and eventually drop out of school.
We taught the lessons using positive and engaging
teaching techniques which were new for most of the
participants. Generally speaking, the educational
system is very strict and punitive — maybe due to
trying to control upward of 50 students in a class!
partner and she was taking the lead. This willingness to
Participants: inspired, eager to deliver
have a woman in a leadership role with a man supporting
new program
her was revolutionary to some of the male teachers, but I
The teachers were hungry for training and very engaged think we demonstrated that it could work very well.
in the workshop. They were excited to learn how to work
Children’s’ camp: opening eyes and minds
with students in a positive way so they would love school
and want to continue their education in a nurturing setting, Our “Dreaming Big” weekend kids camp was a lot of fun.
without threats or harsh discipline. Picture about 100 kids arriving from all over Sierra Leone.
They were also very interested in the Girls’ Advocacy Many had never been out of their village before, so it was
Movement and committed to taking the fun after-school a big deal for them to travel and meet people from different
program back to their students. I think the teachers were areas. I think it really opened their eyes to a bigger world
eager to share their learnings about health and hygiene, and greater possibilities for their futures.
the importance of staying in school and why equality is Ellen had worked closely with Freedom Tree’s local
important to their futures. partners over the past year, so the event felt like a
It really helped for me to be there in a supporting role, wonderful collaboration of common vision. The local
helping Ellen, who was in charge. We were able to model young people who served as counselors were inspirational
an equal and healthy relationship — where I was supportive role models and will stay in touch with the children in
their home communities.
58Most of the girls are orphans and self-advocacy is very
difficult, but it so important for them to be empowered
with accurate information and have it delivered by local
partners who understand their situations. Feedback has
been very positive, and we feel like this camp was such
a good step forward.
Medical clinics: great needs,
many people, few supplies
We had several medical personnel on our team, so on
our off days, we went to remote villages with limited
access to medical care and helped with physician and
nurse consultations.
The Bo area has over 600,000 people with one hospital
and very sparse supplies. I learned there is only one oxygen
tank for the whole hospital, and it’s shared where it’s most
needed. People die every day there simply because there’s
not enough equipment, medical expertise or basic supplies.
The power supply is not consistently available. There’s a
general lack of education, with almost no basic health or
medical instruction.
Ellen and I were extra hands at the clinics: signing people
in, fetching supplies, and keeping kids and families
entertained when the wait was long.
I have some background in education, so at camp, I
I often had the role of standing in the hot sun, dripping
put my training to use and taught art and music classes.
with sweat, as I entertained the waiting kids and families
I also played MANY cooperative games.
by playing guitar and singing with them. Music is universal
Key camp goals: health awareness and it was surprising how much we all enjoyed this.
and self-advocacy
Getting there: cars and canoes
An important part of the camp was teaching the children,
Transportation was a 4x4 on dirt roads — sometimes with
aged 6 to 20, about health topics such as “Managing
working air conditioning, sometimes with open-window,
Emotions,” “Handwashing,” and “Puberty/Sexual Health.”
dusty ventilation — and it was a very bumpy and slow ride
The taboo subject in Sierra Leone is that around age 13-15,
as we negotiated the huge gullies caused by erosion. It
girls are often required to undergo “initiation,” or female
was amazing how the driver could figure out the route
genital mutilation. With the support of our local partners,
with no road signs to follow.
we discussed this highly sensitive topic with the teenagers.
One day we had to travel by dugout canoe, a rather
The goal was to help these girls understand what is
frightening trip over a fast-flowing river, to get to a
happening with their bodies and let them know that it’s OK
village. It was nerve-wracking, but we made it.
to talk about it. They can express feelings, opinions and
questions and, if they wish, they can choose a different I’d never been to West Africa in this capacity, getting out
path for themselves. into the villages and really seeing the culture clearly. People
were so welcoming. Given all the strife and troubles they’ve
59FOorwuarrd, TCogeothmer munities
experienced (civil war, Ebola, AIDS), you’d expect them to
be harsher, harder. But they were friendly, kind and often
generous. In the villages, few people spoke English and
my command of the local languages was very minimal, so
we communicated with smiles, handshakes and gestures.
Thankfully, we had local interpreters with us who could
communicate the more important messages with clarity.
Takeaways: more than expected
One of the best takeaways from this trip is the great
relationships we’re building. Ellen and I have several
people that we now communicate with through
WhatsApp and we’re really hoping we can go back to
see them at some point.
Ellen also communicates through online meetings in
order to remotely support the initiatives we were involved
in and she really loves to hear how things are going.
I think that sometimes, we expect that trips like these will
be pretty straightforward: you’ll fly in and help, and then
you leave and it’s all over. But it’s not — it’s so much more
than that. It becomes a part of you. And it’s not a one-way
street either as your lives become intertwined. I learned
that we’re actually building relationships for the long term
and helping each other grow and learn.
60In Germany, he helps people when
life gets out of hand
From Traugott Maurer, production supervisor, Waldbronn:
I have been employed by Agilent for
48 years and work as a supervisor
in production in Waldbronn.
Three years ago, I attended an external workshop called
“Preparation for Retirement.” It gave me a lot of ideas
about what a successful and healthy exit from working life
might look like. I am planning to retire next summer, and
it is important that I have meaningful work after my active
working life. So I began searching for such an activity,
and found the Bahnhofsmission in Karlsruhe. I spend
two days per month there and find it a great perk that
Agilent supports me with six days of VTO per year in
my volunteer work.
The history of the Bahnhofsmission My work at the Bahnhofsmission
The Bahnhofsmission is a Christian aid organization that My duties are varied. The spectrum ranges from
provides free assistance to travelers in need at 105 train accompanying blind people on the platform to making
stations across Germany. Sometimes life gets out of hand. coffee for the guests and cleaning the rooms at the end
Then people need help.The Bahnhofsmission helps every- of the service. I prefer to walk around in the station and
one. There is no registration or requirements, and it’s free of on the platforms.
charge. We help people:
Every day about 60,000 people pass through the station
in Karlsruhe, often in great haste and with no view for
When traveling: We provide information and assist in
the neighbor. It’s amazing when you consciously look
communications and translation, helping passengers
around to see who needs help — there are many, and
board, disembark and change trains. We also assist with
you also receive a lot of gratitude.
accommodations, wheelchairs, luggage trolleys and lifting
platforms and accompany children travelling alone. I am glad that I have found this activity, and I have
discovered for myself that those who help other
In acute need: This includes people who have no phone,
people are often the most gifted.
no place to sleep, who are hungry and thirsty, who have
been robbed, or who are hurt, sick or weak.
In existential emergencies: These people may be
homeless or refugees with nowhere to go. They are people
who may be addicted, sick, impoverished or desperate.
61FOorwuarrd, TCogeothmer munities
Racing for a cure, breaking
world records in Spain
Diego Diaz-Ramos, OFS manufacturing in
Waldbronn, Germany
A fierce running and cycling competitor, Diego used
a week of his Volunteer Time Off to raise funds and
awareness for NUPA, an organization that supports
children with chronic intestinal failure.
Diego was jubilant as he finished his journey at the
Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela in an amazing
4 days and 3 hours — breaking the world record of 4
days and 15 hours. But the most important part of
winning for Diego: raising over €3,000 for the
children and families of NUPA.
Preventing food waste in Australia Teaching the vulnerable healthy eating,
low-cost, resourceful meals
From Sharon Tran, DGG Sales, Australia:
The NEST program is an educational program teaching
This year, I decided to use my Volunteer Time people in need how to nurture themselves through healthier
food choices and preparation, taught with fun activities
Off with OzHarvest because of my passion
and hands-on cooking. The workshops are based around
for food and preventing food waste.
healthy eating choices, low-cost meal planning and
correct food storage to minimize food waste. Most of the
OzHarvest is a food rescue organization that collects
ingredients used in the workshops were rescued.
excess food from supermarkets, restaurants and cafes
to help prevent food waste and eliminate hunger by As volunteers, our job was to help set up for the workshop,
redistributing to charities. Since 2004, this organization ensuring each workstation had all the necessary
has rescued 37,000 tonnes of food, which is the equivalent equipment, ingredients and recipe cards to prepare the
of 109 million meals. recipes for that day. We assisted with small group activities,
giving guidance to participants and encouraging them to
It has many programs that teach people awareness about
share their experiences.
food waste, and this year I volunteered for the Nutrition
Education Skills Training (NEST) program, which runs In the kitchen we helped monitor cooking times and
one day a week for six weeks. washed dishes (thankfully, there was a dishwasher, so we
just loaded, unloaded and dried the dishes). After cooking,
we sat down and had a wonderful meal together and got to
know everyone. At the end of the workshop, we packaged
leftovers for participants to take home before clean-up.
62In May of 2019, Diaz-Ramos
headed out at 6 a.m. to
compete in the grueling
Camino de Santiago
duathlon, running 100
kilometers, biking 570
kilometers and running
another 100 kilometers.
He started at the famous
Cathedral of St. James at
Roncesvalles and followed
the rough, decades-old trails
of pilgrims headed for the
tomb of apostle St. James at
Santiago de Compostela.
One in five bags of food wasted daily
What I have learned through volunteering with OzHarvest
has been insightful as well as shocking. I’m amazed at how
much food Australians waste each day because we either
buy too much and can’t consume it all or we don’t know
how to store and use up leftover ingredients. Approximately
one in five household shopping bags full of food gets
wasted each day.
Meanwhile, some of the participants in this program have
to skip meals because they can’t afford to buy food. All the
ingredients we used in the workshops were rescued from
shops. They were all good products which would have
otherwise gone to waste.
I also met some amazing people who were passionate
about helping others and reducing food waste. I encourage
everyone to find their passion and use their Volunteer Time
Off to do something good for the community. You might
meet some amazing people and learn a thing or two.
63FOorwuarrd, TGogeitvheirng
Agilent’s 2019 philanthropic initiatives The Agilent Foundation
made significant indirect economic
In 1999, when we launched Agilent Technologies, we
impacts around the world.
also launched the Agilent Foundation. For 20 years,
we have been committed to sharing a portion of our
Here’s a brief summary:
earnings to improve the quality of life around the world.
We’re convinced it’s the right thing to do.
Agilent provided $4,700,058 in global university
grants and equipment, supporting science and Our philanthropic efforts focus on areas where we
technology research at the forefront of bio- believe we can make the most impact with our time,
analytic measurement technologies our talents and our funding. We provide grants
addressing issues such as:
• clean water
In addition, $2,412,466 in pre-university
science-education grants and other community • food safety
investments supported programs reaching
• cancer solutions
hundreds of thousands of students,
• science education
educators and communities worldwide
Matching employee donations
Through our employee matching gift
In addition, the Foundation matches approved employee
programs, the Agilent Foundation provided
contributions dollar-for-dollar through the Agilent Year-
$391,920 in matching donations.
Round Giving Program. This effectively doubles employee
donations and allows the Foundation to invest and
In total, Agilent and the Agilent Foundation support our employees’ preferred charities. We match
invested about $7.5 million in philanthropic up to $5,000 per person each year.
efforts and equipment in 2019.
The Foundation also matches employee donations to
approved hospitals and universities, up to $20,000 per
person each year.
Funding our Volunteer Time Off program
Volunteerism is a key element of our core values and the
cornerstone of our corporate citizenship efforts. Through
our Volunteer Time Off (VTO) program, Agilent employees
may use up to 6 paid days each year to volunteer with
charitable organizations or nonprofit events. Read how
our employees are using their VTO to make a difference.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
64
3 6 8Fingerprinting Rice:
A successful second year
Year 2 of the Fingerprinting Rice research
initiative has done it: the international team
led by Chris Elliott at Queen’s University -
Belfast, has topped their own outstanding
first year of work.
In 2018, the group developed methods
and processes to verify rice authenticity
and built an impressive digital library of
rice “fingerprints.” When rice was quickly
tested using hand-held equipment in
processing plants or in market shops, curriculums to reflect this new direction in the science
results were compared with known rice chemometrics of food safety. Numerous publications and papers have
stored in the cloud. Questionable rice samples were sent been written and shared, drawing even more international
to labs for more sophisticated analysis, where fraudulent attention to the rice and food fraud problem.
varieties were identified, stopping rice fraud in its tracks.
Much of the field research was conducted in Ghana, where Next steps
fraudulent rice was causing dangerous sicknesses.
The team continues to harmonize standard testing
In its second year of work, the team continued to expand
methods across countries, as they learn more about the
its digital rice library, obtaining and identifying varieties
transferability of chemometric models between various
from other countries including Vietnam, India and China.
instruments and even different foods.
Collectively, the group has now tested thousands of rice
The Fingerprinting Rice initiative was sponsored in part
samples, representing many rice varieties, which will
by a 2-year grant from the Agilent Foundation. Mary
eventually enable rice fraud prevention in those three
McBride, associate vice president of Applied Segment
countries, where rice is considered a dietary staple.
Markets at Agilent, championed the project to secure
the research funding, and worked closely with the
Spreading the word
international project team to ensure effective method
International workshops to educate food researchers, development and technology transfer.
growers, processors, importers, educators and government
food safety officials were held in Ghana, Vietnam, and
China. The Fingerprinting Rice team shared their two-
tiered testing approach (a combination of rapid screening
using spectroscopy and lab confirmation using mass
spectrometry), as well as their insights and experience
in preventing rice fraud.
Many attendees have followed up with the team,
requesting additional workshops within their countries,
The Fight Against
with some interested in using the rice technology to
address other types of food fraud issues. Food Fraud
All totaled, the team has reached hundreds of food
science educators, who are, in turn, updating their class
65FOorwuarrd, TGogeitvheirng
Intelligent Lives documentary:
How stereotypes,
misconceptions impact those
with intellectual disabilities
Intelligent Lives, a 70-minute documentary
sponsored by the Agilent Foundation,
premiered on public television in October
2019, celebrating US National Disability
Employment Awareness Month.
Directed and produced by award-winning
filmmaker Dan Habib and narrated by
Academy Award®-winning actor Chris Cooper,
the film follows three young Americans with
intellectual disabilities: Micah, Naieer and
Naomie, who, with the support of family,
educators and colleagues, work toward a
future marked with increased inclusion and
independence. Their pioneering lives challenge
As Habib’s film demonstrates, while many strides have
staid notions of intelligence as they navigate
been made to make American culture more accepting of
high school, college and careers.
diversity, people with intellectual disability are perhaps the
Viewers see 17-year-old Naieer Shaheed’s journey
most marginalized group of Americans. Only 15% of those
through a Boston public school and his desire for a
living with intellectual disability are employed, and a mere
career in visual arts; 32-year-old Micah Fialka-Feldman’s
17% are included in regular education classrooms.
life as a student and assistant teacher at Syracuse
University as he enters the dating scene; and 25-year-
Learn where to watch the film at
old Naomie Monplaisir’s attempt to secure work at a
www.intelligentlives.org
Providence, Rhode Island beauty school to gain
financial independence.
A father’s story, too
“ … people with intellectual disability are
Cooper’s narration begins with the emotional, personal
perhaps the most marginalized group
story of his late son, Jesse, whose talent and intelligence
of Americans. Only 15% of those living
helped him prove naysayers wrong and show that an IQ
score should not determine a person’s worth or potential. with intellectual disability are employed,
Cooper also provides context as he explains the evolution
and a mere 17% are included in regular
of intelligence testing and disability rights in the U.S.
education classrooms."
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
66
8 10Progress through partnerships: Thought Leader Awards, the Agilent Early Career Professor
Award, and most payments in support of research are
research, education and innovation
given as gifts.
At Agilent, we recognize that it will take many
people, working together, to address the
Golden Ticket Contest
world’s greatest challenges.
We also help promising young biotech companies jump
That’s why Agilent has built a strong, global track record
start their businesses. For the second time, the Agilent-
of successful collaboration and partnerships with
sponsored Golden Ticket contest awarded one high-
universities, colleges, aspiring professionals and new
potential biotech start-up company a Golden Ticket, good
biotech businesses.
for one individual bench in nonprofit LabCentral’s shared
Agilent contributes measurement expertise, products and lab space for one year. Read about the 2019 winner here.
financial support to academic research in our fields of
LabCentral is designed as a launchpad for high-potential
endeavor. Our experts frequently serve as adjunct faculty
life sciences and biotech startups. Companies apply for
and guest lecturers at universities.
the award and finalists present to an esteemed review
Professional connections between faculty and Agilent panel to determine the winner. This provides startups the
research staff help us find areas of overlapping interest opportunity to work side-by-side on some of the most
and generate research proposals of mutual benefit. exciting potential breakthroughs in diagnostics,
Agilent awards university grants semi-annually through a therapeutics and disease prevention.
competitive selection of proposals, submitted by university
faculty at the invitation of our technical staff members. Educational support available
In addition to these opportunities, we also provide
Agilent Thought Leader Program
education and teaching tools, and assistance with
This invitational program promotes fundamental core facilities that provide workspace with the latest
scientific advancements by focusing Agilent’s technological innovations and expertise without having
capabilities and resources to help accelerate the to purchase and maintain equipment. Learn more here.
research of influential thought leaders in the life sciences,
diagnostics, and chemical analysis. In 2019, we awarded
four Agilent Thought Leader awards. Each recipient
receives an unrestricted cash award in support of
the professor’s research.
Agilent Early Career Professor Awards
This annual program recognizes – and supports –
promising research from professors who, early in their
careers, show outstanding potential for future research
in areas of importance to the customers and markets
we serve. The winner receives an unrestricted award
totaling $100,000 in support of the professor’s research.
We further support this research with the company’s
products and services, and the collaborative
engagement of Agilent scientists and engineers.
Read about our 2019 award winner here.
67Forward, Together
External assurance About this report
2019 responsible assurance Agilent’s 2019 Corporate Social Responsibility Report is
based on a combination of quantitative and qualitative
statement by DEKRA
data relating to our environmental and social performance
This statement attests that DEKRA Certification can during fiscal year 2010 (Nov. 1, 2018, to Oct. 31, 2019).
provide reasonable assurance of the claims regarding Data is recorded on a companywide basis unless
environmental, health, safety and social responsibility otherwise indicated. Agilent publishes its Corporate Social
(EHS&SR), as they relate to identified suppliers by Agilent Responsibility Report annually and the 2019 Corporate
Technologies. In 2019 DEKRA performed global audits of Sustainability Report is prepared in accordance with
Agilent-identified suppliers. These suppliers were found to GRI standards: core option. Our 2018 report launched
be in compliance with, or have provided corrective action on August 28, 2019. We have not made any material
plans to become compliant with, Agilent’s stated EHS&SR restatements from the prior year.
program, including but not limited to: policies regarding
From the 2018 report, we updated the report from
worker safety, environmental safety, Ozone Depleting
GRI guideline 4.0 to GRI standards. Agilent will keep
Compounds (ODC), and policies that strictly forbid and
topic materiality assessment results based on the
prevent any and all acts of human trafficking or slavery
standard requirement.
as those terms are used in the California Transparency in
We report on our subsidiaries and affiliates where we
Supply Chains Act of 2010, California Civil Code, section
have direct operational control unless otherwise noted.
1714.43.
Significant year-over-year changes are noted. Where
Agilent Foundation Statement FY19 has also been attested
possible, we also use consistent reporting measures,
by an independent auditor: Douglas Nichols, CPA. See
such as per square foot rather than per building or per
report in Agilent website.
site. The environmental data for 2019 is reported for 19
Agilent energy, greenhouse gas emission, waste and water locations. These 19 locations meet the reporting criteria
data attested by external auditor TruCost in accordance of being ISO 14001 certified or included in Agilent’s EHS
with AA100AS (2008) type 2 moderate-level assurance. Management System program, sites with a footprint of
Detailed TruCost assurance statement is available greater than 50,000 square feet, or those with potentially
at https://www.agilent.com/environment/Agilent%20 high environmental impacts.
Assurance%20Statement.pdf.
68Asia Pacific Europe Americas
Australia: Mulgrave Germany: Waldbronn U.S.: Santa Clara, California
China: Shanghai U.K.: Church Stretton U.S.: Carpinteria, California
India: Manesar Italy: Torino U.S.: Folsom, California
Japan: Hachioji Netherlands: Middelburg U.S.: Boulder, Colorado
Malaysia: Penang Denmark: Glostrup U.S.: Colorado Springs, Colorado
Singapore: Yishun U.S.: Newport, Delaware
U.S.: Little Falls, Delaware
U.S.: Cedar Creek, Texas
Agilent’s Corporate Social Responsibility Report content was developed in consultation with subject
matter experts, consideration of changes in external regulations impacting Agilent, and evaluation of
feedback from various internal functional stakeholders. Report content was contributed by a wide-
ranging group of Agilent employees from functions such as Human Resources, Investor Relations,
Corporate Relations, Agilent Foundation, Environmental Health and Safety Management, Agilent
Laboratory, Regulatory Affairs, Procurement and Global Sourcing. We also consulted with two firms
with expertise in GRI to assess last year’s report and suggest improvements.
This is the 19th Corporate Social Responsibility Report produced by Agilent.
For questions or comments regarding Agilent’s 2019 Corporate Social Responsibility Report,
please contact us at: corporate.responsibility@agilent.com.
69Forward, Together
GRI Content Index
General Disclosure (Disclosure 102)
Organizational Profile
GRI 102-1 Name of the Organization p. 5
GRI 102-2 Activities, Brands, Products, and Services p. 5
GRI 102-3 Location of Headquarters p. 19
GRI 102-4 Location of Operations p. 5
GRI 102-5 Ownership and Legal Form p. 5
GRI 102-6 Markets Served p. 22
GRI 102-7 Scale of the Organization p. 19
GRI 102-8 Information on Employees and Other Workers p. 46
GRI 102-9 Supply Chain p. 11
GRI 102-10 Significant Changes to the Organization and its Supply Chain p. 25
GRI 102-11 Precautionary Principle or Approach p. 10
GRI 102-12 External Initiatives p. 14
GRI 102-13 Membership of Associations p. 77
Ethics and Integrity
GRI 102-16 GRI 102-16 Values, Principles, Standards and Norms of Behavior p. 6
Governance
GRI 102-18 Governance Structure p. 24
GRI 102-20 Executive-Level Responsibility for Economic, Environmental and Social Topics p. 78
GRI 102-22 Composition of the Highest Governance Body and its Committees p. 24
70Stockholder Engagement
GRI 102-40 List of Stakeholder Groups p. 15
GRI 102-41 Collective Bargaining Agreements p. 15
GRI 102-42 Identifying and Selecting Stakeholders p. 15
GRI 102-43 Approach to Stakeholder Engagement p. 15
GRI 102-44 Key Topics and Concerns Raised p. 15
Reporting Practice
GRI 102-45 Entities Included in the Consolidated Financial Statements p. 68
GRI 102-46 Defining Report Content and Topic Boundaries p. 69
GRI 102-47 List of Material Topics p. 12
GRI 102-48 Restatements of Information p. 68
GRI 102-49 Changes in Reporting p. 68
GRI 102-50 Reporting Period p. 68
GRI 102-51 Date of Most Recent Report p. 68
GRI 102-52 Reporting Cycle p. 68
GRI 102-53 Contact Point for Questions Regarding the Report p. 69
GRI 102-54 Claims of Reporting in Accordance with the GRI Standards p. 68
GRI 102-55 GRI Content Index p. 70
GRI 102-56 External Assurance p. 68
71Forward, Together
Economic (Disclosure 200)
Economic Performance
Management Approach: Economic Performance GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 25
GRI 201-2 Financial Implications and Other Risks and Opportunities Due to Climate Change p. 26
GRI 201-3 Defined Benefit Plan Obligations and Other Retirement Plans p. 25
Indirect Economic Impacts
Management Approach: Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 26
GRI 203-2 Significant Indirect Economic Impacts p. 64
Anti-Corruption
Management Approach: Anti-corruption GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 24
GRI 205-1 Operations Assessed for Risks Related to Corruption p. 24
GRI 205-2 Communication and Training about Anti-Corruption Policies and Procedures p. 24
GRI 205-3 Communication and Training about Anti-Corruption Policies and Procedures p. 24
Anti-Competitive Behavior
Management Approach: Anti-competitive Behavior GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 24
GRI 206-1 Legal Actions for Anti-Competitive Behavior, Anti-trust and Monopoly Practices p. 25
Environmental (Disclosure 300)
Energy
Management Approach: Energy GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 26
GRI 302-1 Financial Implications and Other Risks and Opportunities Due to Climate Change p. 80
GRI 302-2 Energy Consumption Outside of the Organization p. 81
GRI 302-3 Energy Intensity p. 81
72GRI 302-4 Reduction of Energy Consumption p. 81
GRI 302-5 Reductions in Energy Requirements of Products and Services p. 26
Environmental (Disclosure 300)/Water
Management Approach: Water GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 27
GRI 303-1 Water Withdrawal by Source p. 27
GRI 303-2 Water Sources Significantly Affected by Withdrawal of Water p. 27
Emission
Management Approach: Emissions GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 27
GRI 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions p. 28
GRI 305-2 GRI 305-2 Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions p. 28
GRI 305-3 GRI 305-3 Other Indirect (Scope 3) GHG Emissions p. 28
GRI 305-4 GHG Emissions Intensity p. 28
GRI 305-5 Reduction of GHG Emissions p. 28
GRI 305-6 Emissions of Ozone-Depleting Substances (ODS) p. 28
GRI 305-7 Nitrogen Oxides (NOx), Sulfur Oxides (SOx), and Other Significant Air Emissions p. 29
Effluents and Water
Management Approach: Effluents and Waste GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 29
GRI 306-2 Waste by Type and Disposal Method p. 82
Environmental Compliance
Management Approach: Environmental Compliance GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 29
GRI 307-1 Non-Compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations p. 29
73Forward, Together
Social (Disclosure 400)
Employment
Management Approach: Employment GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 43
GRI 401-1 New Employee Hires and Employee Turnover p. 83
Benefits Provided to Full-Time Employees that are Not Provided to
GRI 401-2 p. 43
Temporary or Part-Time Employees
GRI 401-3 Parental Leave p. 43
Occupational Health and Safety
Management Approach: Occupational Health and Safety GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 45
Types of Injury and Rates of Injury, Occupational Diseases, Lost Days and Absenteeism,
GRI 403-2 p. 86
and Number of Work-Related Fatalities
Training and Education
Management Approach: Training and Education GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 45
GRI 404-1 Average Hours of Training Per Year Per Employee p. 45
GRI 404-2 Programs for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance Programs p. 45
GRI 404-3 Percentage of Employees Receiving Regular Performance and Career
GRI 404-3 p. 45
Development Reviews
Diversity and Equal Opportunity
Management Approach: Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 46
GRI 405-1 Diversity of Governance Bodies and Employees p. 46
GRI 405-2 Ratio of Basic Salary and Remuneration of Women to Men p. 46
Child Labor
Management Approach: Child Labor GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 11
GRI 408-1 Operations and Suppliers at Significant Risk for Incidents of Child Labor p. 47
74Human Rights Assessment
Management Approach: Human Rights Assessment GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 47
GRI 412-2 Employee Training on Human Rights Policies or Procedures p. 47
Significant Investment Agreements and Contracts That Include Human Rights Clauses
GRI 412-3 p. 47
or That Underwent Human Rights Screening
Local Communities
Management Approach: Local Communities GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 57
Operations with Local Community Engagement, Impact Assessments
GRI 413-1 p. 57
and Development Programs
Consumer Health and Safety
Management Approach: Customer Health and Safety GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 41
GRI 416-1 Assessment of the Health and Safety Impacts of Product and Service Categories p. 41
Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning the Health and Safety Impacts
GRI 416-2 p. 41
of Products and Services
Marketing and Labeling
Management Approach: Marketing and Labeling GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 41
GRI 417-1 Requirements for Product and Service Information and Labeling p. 42
GRI 417-2 Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning Product and Service Information and Labeling p. 42
GRI 417-3 Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning Marketing Communications p. 42
Customer Privacy
Management Approach: Customer Privacy GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 42
Substantiated Complaints Concerning Breaches of Customer Privacy
GRI 418-1 p. 42
and Losses of Customer Data
75Forward, Together
GRI 102: Organizational profile
102-13 Membership of associations
Agilent participates in trade, industry and professional organizations that are local, national and global. Participation helps us
achieve business and citizenship goals by enabling us to work with other companies on common issues. Memberships also
keep Agilent employees abreast of industry issues and best practices and provide vehicles that allow us to contribute to and
influence public policy. Examples of these memberships are:
American American Society Association of Talent AOAC
ANSI
Physical Society of Quality Developement International
Category and Sourcing Cold Spring Harbor Center for
Boston College Center for CALCE - Center for Advanced Life
Managers Executive Laboratories Meetings Bioanalytic
Corporate Citizenship Cycle Engineering
(CASME) and Courses Program Metrology
CEO Action: 2018 CEO Engineering Advisory Board, EBRC - Engineering
Confederation of Ignited
Action Pledge for College of Engineering, Biology Research
Indian Industry (formerly IISME)
Diversity & Inclusion UC Berkeley Consortium
Institute of
iNEMI (National Electronics Industry Initiatives for Science and
IPC GovWin Electrical and
Manufacturers Initiative) Math Education (IISME)
Electronics Engineers
GUIRR - Government- International Genetically National Association
NAEM (National Association for National Academy
University-Industry Engineered Machine of Software and
Environmental Managers) of Engineering
Research Roundtable (iGEM) Services Companies
National Medal of
Technology and New York Academy Responsible Minerals Initiative Society of Society of
Innovation Nomination of Sciences (RMI) Women Engineers Vacuum Coaters
Evaluation Committee
Society for Laboratory
Stanford Interdisciplinary Synthetic Biology Engineering Technology Services
Automation and SystemX
Life Sciences Council Research Center (SynBERC) Industry Association
Screening (SLAS)
VDGH German IVD Visiting Committee for Advanced
TechUK
Association Technology, NIST
76Index: GRI 102 Governance
GRI 102-20: Executive level responsibility for economic, environmental and social topics
Responsibility Job Title Level From Board Level From CEO
Overall Responsibility for VP, Workplace Services
3 2
Corporate Social Responsibility Director, Communications and
3 2
and Sustainability Public Relations
Health and Safety VP, Workplace Services 3 2
Environmental Issues VP, Workplace Services 3 2
Risk Management Director, Global Security 4 3
Supply Chain Social
Senior Director, Global Sourcing 3 2
Responsibility
Human Rights Issues Senior VP, Human Resources 2 1
Labor Issues Employment Law Counsel 3 2
77Forward, Together
GRI 201-2
Methos Used to
Finance
Type Catalog Description Impact Description Manage Risk or Costs of Action
Implications
Opportunity
We have considered the impact of current
Presently $5k-10k per
and proposed US EPA CO2 regulations.
year for management
Currently, Agilent falls below the threshold Monitor regulatory
Emission resources. Estimated
requirement that would obligate us to Increased developments
Risk Regulatory reporting financial implication
major mitigation or financial remediation. operational cost and compliance
obligations for non-compliance
Increased reporting obligations would obligations.
$50,000 - 150,000
create an additional financial expense
USD/year
for Agilent.
Since April 2010 Agilent’s Hachioji site
in Japan has been under the Tokyo Monitor and
Reduction or Estimated financial
Cap-and-Trade scheme. Non-compliance observe compliance
Cap and trade disruption in implication for non-
Risk Regulatory with the scheme would result in a fine. obligations; also
schemes production compliance could be
The last compliance period ended in observe Agilent’s
capacity $10k – $50k
2019 and Agilent emitted less than the emissions.
emissions allowance.
Presently $10k-$50k
Increased precipitation and extreme
per year for
weather events (including fire risk due
management
to drought) pose a risk to Agilent by
Reduction or resources.
Chance in disrupting business activities in many areas,
disruption in Developed business
Risk Physical mean (average) including transportation of goods and
production or continuity plans. Estimated financial
percipitation services, physical impact to our office and
service capability. implication for
manufacturing operations, and disruption to
business disruption
our customers. In addition, our employees
could be several
have exposure to the same risks.
million dollars.
Estimated financial
Reduction or
implication for
Flooding of Agilent owned or leased offices, disruption in Developed business
Risk Physical Sea level rise business disruption
manufacturing facilities or warehouses production continuity plans.
could be hundreds of
capacity
thousands of dollars.
As air pollution limits and other forms of
regulations drive the consumer market in
the direction of more renewable energy, Increased Monitor regulatory Incremental sales
Air pollution Agilent will have an opportunity to provide demand for obligations and opportunity could
Opportunity Regulatory
limits measurement equipment to the air and existing products target applicable be hundreds of
emissions monitoring markets. Agilent and services customer base. thousands of dollars
manufactures equipment to accurately
measure air pollution and monitor the air.
78Methos Used to
Finance
Type Catalog Description Impact Description Manage Risk or Costs of Action
Implications
Opportunity
Increased demand
for renewable
Change in average temperature will drive
power. Increased Monitor regulatory Incremental sales
Change in the demand for more electrical power,
Risk / demand for obligations and opportunity could
Physical average and Agilent will consider sourcing more
Opportunity air emissions target applicable be hundreds of
temperature renewable energy in pursuit of reducing
monitoring and customer base. thousands of dollars.
Agilent’s carbon footprint.
other Agilent
products.
Reduction in Track the market
sales from both shift and adjust
Reduction in product and service demand
Shift to products and products and Incremental impact
from Agilent’s fossil fuel and associated
Risk Markets renewable services from services to mitigate could be hundreds of
chemically intensive customers as supply
energy demand fossil fuel and and capitalize thousands of dollars
shifts to the renewable sector.
petrochemical on emerging
customers. opportunities.
Increase in
Track the market and
sales from both
Shift to lower Increased demand for air and chemical customer shift and Incremental sales
products and
carbon-based analysis from customers engaged in the adjust products and opportunity could
Opportunity Markets services from
chemical pursuit of more sustainable operations, services to capitalize be hundreds of
customers in the
industries. products and lower carbon footprints. on emerging thousands of dollars.
chemical and
opportunities.
analysis sectors.
Continued focus
on proactively
Agilent is committed to a sustainable future
managing Agilent’s
and is proactively working to minimize its
sustainability
impact on climate change – that supports Agilent’s brand
Increased demand program, improving
Reputation as our mission to advance the quality of life. differentiation has
for existing our environmental
Opportunity Reputation a sustainable Agilent sees consumer and customer the potential for
products and stewardship, and
company. awareness of our corporate environmental incremental sales
services communicating the
stewardship as an opportunity to dollars.
results to external
differentiate itself from our competitors
stakeholders and
and to attract and retain employees.
employees.
79Forward, Together
GRI 302: Energy
302-1: Energy consumption within the organization
Consumption by Fuel Type (Renewable) 2019 2018 2017
On-site solar power generation (Gigajoules-GJ) 6,809 5,501 6,090
Consumption by Fuel Type (Non-Renewable) (Gigajoules-GJ) 2019 2018 2017
Natural Gas 143,273 117,033 117,359
Diesel Fuel 126 343 580
Propane 277 192 177
Total consumption from non-renewable fuel sources 143,676 117,568 118,116
Energy consumed (Gigajoules-GJ) 2019 2018 2017
Electricity 360,166 365,251 351,501
Heating 19,693 45,781 21,490
Total energy consumption 37,9859 411,032 372,991
Total energy consumed (Gigajoules-GJ) 2019 2018 2017
Overall total energy consumption 530,344 534,101 497,197
The new energy center at Waldbronn became fully operational in FY18 which has impacted
the Scope 1 and Scope 2 energy consumption.
80302-2: Energy consumption outside of the organization
Non-renewable energy categories/activities
2019 2018 2017
(metric tons of CO2e)
Upstream: employee commuting 10,031 7,387 7,961
Upstream: upstream transportation and distribution 139,715 122,469 119,459
Upstream: business travel 19,255 23,742 24,127
Total external non-renewable energy consumption 169,001 153,589 15,1547
302-3: Energy intensity
2019 2018 2017
Numerator (kWh) 146,060,472 144,610,893 137,142,455
Denominator (sq. ft.) 3,812,399 3,812,399 3,625,993
Energy Intensity kWh/sq. ft. 38.31 37.93 37.82
302-4: Reduction of energy consumption
2019 2018 2017
Electricity Reduction (GJ) 406 28,841 20,500
Projects commenced in FY19 and due to be operational in early FY20:
12,359
Expected Electricity Reduction (GJ)
81Forward, Together
GRI 305: Emission
305-2: Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
Source of emissions factors and the GWP rates used:
• Latest available data on the 1st Jan 2020 - ref: IEA 2019 Report and US EPA EGrid 2016 Data
Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used for Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions:
• Defra Voluntary Reporting Guidelines
• Energy Information Administration 1605B
• IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, 2006
• US EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule
GRI 306: Effluents and Waste
306-2: Waste by type and disposal method
Method of disposal and weight (metric tons)
2019 2018 2017
of non-hazardous waste
Reuse 0 0 0
Recycling 1,915 4,027 1,598
Composting 388 242 153
Recovery (including energy recovery) 0 0 0
Incineration (mass burn) 374 256 276
Deep well injection 0 0 0
Landfill 470 326 274
On-site storage 0 0 0
Total weight of non-hazardous waste disposed 3,147 4,851 2,301
82Method of disposal and weight (metric tons)
2019 2018 2017
of hazardous waste
Reuse 0 0 0
Recycling 1,614 1,543 1,343
Composting 0 0 0
Recovery (including energy recovery) 0 0 0
Incineration (mass burn) 981 614 573
Deep well injection 0 0 0
Landfill 9 13 41
On-site storage 0 0 0
Treated 2,378 2.227 2,169
Total weight of non-hazardous waste disposed 4,982 4,397 4,126
Total weight of non-hazardous and hazardous waste disposed 8,129 9,248 6,427
83Forward, Together
401-1: New employee hires and employee turnover
Approximate total number of employees: 16,300
EMPLOYEES EMPLOYEES
NEW HIRE NEW HIRE
Regions Age Group Gender LEAVING LEAVING
Total number Rate
Total number Rate
under 30 Male 768 4.7% 90 0.6%
between 30-50 Male 1,666 10.2% 309 1.9%
over 50 Male 302 1.9% 154 0.9%
under 30 Female 718 4.4% 81 0.5%
Global between 30-50 Female 1,160 7.1% 219 1.3%
over 50 Female 182 1.1% 81 0.5%
under 30 Undisclosed 4 0.0% - -
between 30-50 Undisclosed 4 0.0% - -
over 50 Undisclosed - - - -
GLOBAL TOTAL 4,804 29.4% 934 5.7%
under 30 Male 194 1.2% 6 0.0%
between 30-50 Male 396 2.4% 49 0.3%
over 50 Male 64 0.4% 57 0.3%
under 30 Female 220 1.3% 11 0.1%
Europe &
between 30-50 Female 238 1.5% 39 0.2%
Middle East
over 50 Female 16 0.1% 16 0.1%
under 30 Undisclosed 2 0.0% - -
between 30-50 Undisclosed 2 0.0% - -
over 50 Undisclosed - - - -
84EMPLOYEES EMPLOYEES
NEW HIRE NEW HIRE
Regions Age Group Gender LEAVING LEAVING
Total number Rate
Total number Rate
under 30 Male 350 2.1% 51 0.3%
between 30-50 Male 758 4.7% 158 1.0%
over 50 Male 16 0.1% 16 0.1%
under 30 Female 268 1.6% 45 0.3%
Asia Pacific between 30-50 Female 526 3.2% 100 0.6%
over 50 Female 16 0.1% 7 0.0%
under 30 Undisclosed - - - -
between 30-50 Undisclosed - - - -
over 50 Undisclosed - - - -
under 30 Male 224 1.4% 33 0.2%
between 30-50 Male 512 3.1% 102 0.6%
over 50 Male 222 1.4% 81 0.5%
under 30 Female 230 1.4% 25 0.2%
Americas between 30-50 Female 396 2.4% 80 0.5%
over 50 Female 150 0.9% 58 0.4%
under 30 Undisclosed 2 0.0% - -
between 30-50 Undisclosed 2 0.0% - -
over 50 Undisclosed - - - -
85Forward, Together
GRI 403: Occupational health and safety
403-2: Types of Injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days,
and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities
Employee Injury Rate
Area of Operations 2019 2018 2017
Global 0.38 0.41 0.29
Region: Americas 0.91 1.22 0.72
Region: AP 0.04 0.10 0.06
Region: EU 0.10 0.13 0.15
Employee Lost Time Case Rates
Area of Operations 2019 2018 2017
Global 0.12 0.13 0.12
Region: Americas 0.28 0.23 0.21
Region: AP 0.01 0.07 0.05
Region: EU 0.07 0.12 0.13
8687Agilent Technologies, Inc. 2019
www.agilent.com