Assurance statement
Trucost was engaged by Agilent to provide
SCOPE SOURCE UNIT QUANTITY
assurance of the environmental data held within
Natural gas 10,751
its 20201 CDP Response and 2021 Corporate
Social Responsibility Report. Propane 128
GHG
Scope 1 Diesel 22
Intended users
Fleet (includes petrol
6,912
The intended users of this assurance statement are and diesel) Metric
the management and stakeholders of Agilent. tons
GHG Electricity CO2e 41,141
Responsibilities of Agilent and assurance Scope 2
District heat 565
provider
Business travel
The management of Agilent has sole responsibility for GHG (rail and air) 6,174
the preparation and content of Corporate Social Scope 3
Rental Car 733
Responsibility Report (hereafter, CSR) and CDP
Climate Change Response (hereafter, CDP). Water Operational use m3 316,773
Trucost’s statement represents its independent and
Treated 2,837
balanced opinion on the content and accuracy of the
information and environmental data held within. Incinerated 2,833
Hazardous
Assurance standard Landfilled 0
waste
Trucost undertook the assurance in accordance with Recycled 1,507
AA1000AS v3 (2020) Type 2 moderate-level
Total chemical waste 7,177
Metric
assurance, covering:
tons
Composted 154
✓ Evaluation of adherence to the AA1000AP (2018)
Recycled 1,797
Principles of inclusivity, materiality,
responsiveness and impact (the Principles) Solid waste Landfilled 261
✓ The reliability of specified environmental Incinerated 352
performance information (energy use, greenhouse
Total solid waste 2,564
gas emissions, water use and waste generated)
Trucost used the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and
Methodology
the GHG Protocol to evaluate Agilent’s performance
Trucost’s assurance activities included the following:
information and adherence to the Principles.
• Review of the processes by which Agilent defines
Scope and limitations the sustainability issues that are relevant and
material to its operations and its stakeholders.
Trucost was engaged to assure the data and claims in
Agilent’s 2020 external reporting, encompassing the • Interviews with managers responsible for
period of 1 November 2019 – 31 October 2020. sustainability performance and data collection
Trucost was asked to assure reporting for specific
• Assessment of the extent to which Agilent
KPIs. Agilent took an operational control approach.
sustainability activities adheres to the Principles
Trucost verified the environmental impacts, as
• Review of processes and systems used to gather
calculated by Agilent, within the table in the next
and consolidate environmental data
column.
• Verification of data accuracy for a selection of
In FY2020, here has been a decrease in emissions for
sites, including an audit of conversion factors and
Scope 1 Diesel and Fleet categories, Scope 3 and
calculations
Composted and Landfilled Solid Waste because of
fewer employees on site and less employee travel due
to COVID-19. Scope 1 natural gas emissions have
increased as two new sites have been included in
FY2020: Frederick and Lexington.Assurance statement
PRINCIPLE COMMENTS
Agilent engages with a variety of stakeholders around sustainability issues, including
Inclusivity: the participation of
employees, customers, investors, communities, suppliers, NGOs, industry-standard
stakeholders in developing and
organizations and government agencies. Agilent has various modes of engagement
achieving an accountable and with its stakeholders. Internally, Agilent’s Sustainability Forum with representatives
strategic response to from all business divisions provided employees with the opportunity to engage with
sustainability the full range of sustainability issues. The company has also updated its supplier’s
code of conduct to provide more detail to suppliers on requirements, for example
around environment, health & safety and human rights & employment practices.
Agilent has developed processes to monitor supplier diversity and sustainability
performance and engage suppliers on these issues. Agilent also takes part in the
EcoVadis sustainability assessment and through this receives responses from
stakeholders around sustainability issues which is shared with customers.
Agilent conducts yearly materiality assessments with the aim to confirm the relevance
Materiality: determining the and ranking of the material issues impacting the long-term sustainability of Agilent’s
relevance and significance of an operations. In the FY2020 materiality assessment, no new materiality issues were
identified. However, diversity and inclusion became more material issues and the
issue to an organization and its
company has increased its focus on this accordingly. Agilent has identified several UN
stakeholders
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) material to the business, such as: 3) good
health and well-being, 9) Industry, innovation and infrastructure, 12) responsible
consumption and production and 13) climate action.
Agilent’s dedicated cross-divisional Sustainability Forum drives projects and
Responsiveness: an programmes related to energy and climate change and communicates related
organization’s response to success stories to external stakeholders. In FY2020, based on stakeholder feedback
the company developed product sustainability certification and labelling in partnership
stakeholder issues that affect its
with My Green Lab, with the first products set to be certified in 2021. Agilent also
sustainability performance and
developed a new Research and Development (R&D) sustainability team focused on
is realized through decisions,
engaging the R&D team to create more sustainable products. As a result of customer
actions and performance, as
engagement, Agilent has increased its carbon footprint reduction targets for Scope 1
well as communication with & 2 emissions this year, from decreasing emissions be 1% per year, to aiming for a
stakeholders 25% reduction in emissions by 2025.
In FY2020, Agilent has begun monitoring and engaging suppliers around sustainability
Impact: Organizations should and diversity issues. The company has set internal targets on tracking and reporting
monitor, measure and be key sustainable supply chain issues with both manufacturing and non-manufacturing
accountable for how their suppliers and has developed a three-year plan to increase supplier diversity, including
increasing procurement from Small Businesses. Agilent has two innovation-focused
actions impact broader
initiatives, the Sustainability Forum and R&D sustainability team which are advancing
ecosystems
the company’s sustainability strategy. Agilent has also updated its environmental
design guidelines with the product team in FY2020 to provide more detailed guidance
on product sustainability.
Findings, conclusions and recommendations since 2000. Trucost’s research team has the relevant
professional and technical competencies and
The Principles:
experience to conduct an assurance to the AA1000
Nothing came to Trucost’s attention to suggest that standard. Trucost has conducted this assurance
Agilent’s CSR and CDP Responses do not adhere to independently and impartially and in compliance with
the AA1000 Principles. S&P Global’s policies and procedures, including its
Code of Business Ethics that provide a framework
Data reliability:
relating to ethical conduct, conflict of interest and
Agilent has implemented rigorous processes to collect compliance with law.
and aggregate global energy consumption, GHG
Trucost, part of S&P Global
emissions, water use and waste generation. Upon
London, May 2021
evaluating this system, Trucost found that data was
accurate overall and any minor corrections were made
as necessary.
Assurance provider
Trucost has been researching, standardizing and
validating corporate environmental performance data Steven Bullock
Global Head of Research and InnovationNOTICE
©2021 S&P Trucost Limited (“Trucost”), an affiliate of S&P Global Market Intelligence. All rights
reserved.
The materials have been prepared solely for informational purposes based upon information
generally available to the public and from sources believed to be reliable. No content contained
in these materials (including text, data, reports, images, photos, graphics, charts, animations,
videos, research, valuations, models, software or other application or output therefrom or any
part thereof (“Content”) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any
form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written
permission of Trucost or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). S&P Global, its affiliates and
their licensors do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the
Content. S&P Global, its affiliates and their licensors are not responsible for any errors or
omissions, regardless of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE
CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. S&P GLOBAL, ITS AFFILIATES AND
LICENSORS DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
CONDITIONS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM
FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT’S
FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE
WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global,
its affiliates or their licensors be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal
fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs) in
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Trucost’s opinions, quotes and credit-related and other analyses are statements of opinion as
of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the
suitability of any security. Trucost assumes no obligation to update the Content following
publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute
for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or
clients when making investment and other business decisions.
S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to
preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain
divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to other S&P Global
divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of
certain non-public information received in connection with each analytical process.
S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from
issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to
disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge) and
www.ratingsdirect.com (subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including
via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our
ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
3