Air Testing
Access Proven Solutions and Expertise Spanning a Broad Range of Air
Testing Applications
Given the health hazards associated with toxic air contaminants, routine air testing is important in a
variety of applications and environments. Whether for greenhouse gas and industrial stack emissions
monitoring, or for maintaining air quality in buildings, indoor offices, vehicles, open environment, and
other environments, detecting and measuring a wide range of airborne contaminants in a targeted and
non-targeted manner is a necessary challenge.
Air analysis is subject to a broad set of regulatory requirements for sampling and testing different types
of air including ambient, indoor and outdoor, workplace, and vehicle emissions, as well as industrial
source emissions. As a result, sampling and sample introduction systems vary from method to method.
Targeted analysis of volatile and semi-volatile organic compounds (VOCs and SVOCs) in air are typically
performed using gas chromatography mass spectrometry (GC/MS) instruments. Metals in air are
traditionally measured using spectroscopy techniques like inductively coupled plasma-optical emission
spectrometry (ICP-OES) or ICP-MS. When a comprehensive picture of sample components is needed,
non-targeted high-resolution GC- and LC-quadrupole time-of-flight (Q-TOF) methods are used.
Additionally, sample collection and introduction tools like thermal desorption (TD) and headspace (HS)
play a critical role in air analysis as well.
With over 40 years of environmental analysis and regulatory expertise, Agilent offers air testing
equipment encompassing instruments, chromatography workstations, consumables, services, and
software designed to meet your needs for high-confidence analysis of air samples. When our renowned
GC/MS solutions are paired with proven sample introduction products like thermal desorption (TD), we
can help your lab perform efficient and cost-effective air sampling, testing, and data analysis while
achieving lower detection limits.
If you have questions about air testing applications or would like to be contacted by an Agilent
representative, let us know below.
Request more informationAmbient Air Analysis Indoor & Workplace Air Analysis Industrial Emissions Testing
Address concerns for potentially Assure employee and consumer health Confidently analyze industrial air for
hazardous VOCs and emerging via accurate, trace-level monitoring of VOCs and sVOCs using proven GC/MS-
compounds in ambient air with accurate, (s)VOCs, metals, and emerging based solutions.
trace-level testing and online monitoring. contaminants in home and workplace
air.
Learn more
Learn more
Learn more
Metals Testing in Air Non-Targeted Analysis for Air Vehicle Emissions Testing
Bring confidence and efficiency to Perform suspect screening and Manage risks and regulatory compliance
demanding inorganic element analysis in accurately identify unknown and associated with exhaust and cabin air
air using Agilent ICP instruments. emerging chemicals using Agilent high- contamination with routine GC and
resolution accurate-mass Q-TOF GC/MS-based analysis.
systems.
Learn more
Learn more
Learn more
We’re here to help you with your environmental testing applications.
Visit our Contact page to connect with an Agilent representative. You can also sign up to receive the
latest information from Agilent related to environmental testing applications, including educational
events, webinars, products and more.
Request more informationDE98891914