INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT
To: Stakeholders of Agilent Technologies
Objectives and Responsibilities
Apex Companies, LLC (Apex) has been engaged by Agilent Technologies (Agilent) to provide
moderate assurance of select environmental data for Agilent’s 2023 ESG Report (Report). This
assurance statement applies to the related information included within the scope of work
described below.
The environmental data were assured according to the reporting and assurance standards
noted below.
This information and its presentation are the sole responsibility of the management of Agilent.
Apex was not involved in the preparation of the Report. Our sole responsibility was to provide
independent assurance on its content.
Boundaries of the Environmental Data covered by the assurance:
• Operational Control
• Worldwide
Environmental data assured and reviewed:
Category Source Quantity Units
Scope 1 20,460 Metric tons CO2
equivalent
Scope 2 (Location-Based) 48,159 Metric tons CO2
equivalent
Greenhouse Gas
Emissions
Scope 3 - Upstream 78,239 Metric tons CO2
Transportation & Distribution equivalent
Scope 3 - Business Travel 10,360 Metric tons CO2
equivalent
Water Withdrawals 338,920 Cubic meters
Treated 1,833 Metric tons
Incinerated 4,871 Metric tons
Hazardous Waste Landfilled 95 Metric tons
Recycled 2,231 Metric tons
Total Hazardous Waste 9,031 Metric tons
Composted 496 Metric tons
Recycled 2,030 Metric tons
Landfilled 223 Metric tons
Solid Waste
Incinerated 549 Metric tons
Offsets 250 Metric tons
Total Solid Waste 3,547 Metric tons
Data and information supporting the Scope 1 GHG emissions, Scope 2 (Location-Based) GHG
emissions, waste and water assertions were primarily historical in nature.
Data and information supporting the Scope 3 GHG emissions statement were in some cases
estimated rather than historical in nature.
WATER • ENVIRONMENTAL • HEALTH & SAFETY • COMPLIANCE & ASSURANCE • INFRASTRUCTURE
Apex Companies, LLC • (800) 733-2739 • www.apexcos.comPage 2
Period covered by assured GHG emissions:
• November 1, 2022 to October 31, 2023
Criteria against which assurance was conducted:
• World Resources Institute (WRI)/World Business Council for Sustainable Development
(WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting
Standard (Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions)
• WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain Accounting and
Reporting Standard (Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions)
• Agilent Internal Company Protocol (Waste and Water)
Assurance Protocol used by Apex:
• The assurance engagement was performed in accordance with AccountAbility’s
AA1000 Assurance Standard (AS) v3 and was conducted to meet the AA1000AS v3
Type 2 moderate level of assurance requirements for the reported metrics.
Level of Assurance and Qualifications
• AA1000 AS v3 Moderate Type 2
• This assurance used a materiality threshold of ±5% for aggregate errors in sampled
data for each of the above indicators.
• It is possible that Scope 1 emissions are materially different than reported, as there
may be additional fuels, beyond natural gas, that were not reported by the majority of
manufacturing sites. The quantities of these fuels and their associated emissions are
unknown at this time.
Limitations and Exclusions
Excluded from the scope of our work is any assurance of information relating to:
• Activities outside the defined assurance period;
• Other statements and data not included in the Environmental Data Assured and
Reviewed table shown above
• Reporting for non-manufacturing locations
• Positional statements (expressions of opinion, belief, aim or future intention by Agilent)
and statements of future commitment; and
• Emissions associated with refrigerant losses (Scope 1 GHG Emissions).
Summary of Work Performed
As part of its independent assurance, Apex undertook the following activities:
1. Interviews with relevant personnel of Agilent and their consultants;
2. Review of documentary evidence produced by Agilent and their consultants;
3. Review of performance data including calculations, factors, supporting documentation
and audit of a sample of which was traced back to the source data;
4. Site visit to Agilent facility in Santa Clara, California; and
5. Review of Agilent’s procedures and systems for collection, aggregation, analysis and
review of dataPage 3
Assurance Opinion
Based on the process and procedures conducted:
• Nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the GHG emissions, waste and
water assertions shown above are not fairly stated in all material respects; and
• It is our opinion that Agilent has established appropriate systems for the collection,
aggregation and analysis of quantitative data within the scope of this assurance for
the stated period and boundaries.
Adherence to the AA1000 Accountability Principles
Our assurance process included an evaluation of the reporting system for GHG emissions
against the main principles of the AA1000AS v3:
• Inclusivity
• Materiality
• Responsiveness
• Impact
Based on the work undertaken during this assurance process, nothing has come to our
attention that Agilent does not adhere to the Accountability Principles of inclusivity, materiality,
responsiveness and impact with regard to GHG emissions reporting as discussed below.
Inclusivity
During Agilent’s updates to its materiality assessment in 2023, they worked with internal and
stakeholders to identify material topics, asking questions and soliciting feedback, which helped
inform Agilent’s identification of Climate Change and Chemicals Management as material
topics for the organization. Agilent incorporates stakeholder feedback from all levels of the
organization into their corporate and ESG strategy, including the measures they use to track
success. Agilent’s Supplier Code of Conduct engages suppliers on several ESG issues around
advancement towards Agilent’s net-zero by 2050 goals. Agilent manages a Procurement ESG
Program for its suppliers, through which it convenes suppliers and highlights Agilent’s ESG
expectations for their suppliers.
Materiality
Agilent conducted a materiality assessment in 2019, to identify issues that are material based
on whether they have a significant impact to stakeholders and also are important to Agilent. In
the years that have followed, Agilent has made updates to that assessment through
engagement with internal stakeholders in the company. In recent updates, Chemicals
Management and Climate Change have been determined to be material issues by Agilent as
evidenced by the publication of commitments and established goals for GHG emissions
reduction in their ESG Report.
Responsiveness
Agilent has demonstrated responsiveness through their efforts to develop the GHG emissions,
waste and water data subject to this assurance in response to the CDP Climate Change
Disclosure request and focus on Sustainable Development Goals (SDG), specifically SDG-13
Climate Action and SBTi target setting and disclosure. Agilent participates in the EcoVadis
sustainability assessment and received an EcoVadis Silver rating for 2023. Response to
stakeholder issues in a broader sense is described in Agilent’s ESG Report.Page 4
Impact
Agilent has set a goal to achieve net-zero GHG emissions by 2050, along with goals to reduce
waste generation and water consumption. Agilent’s SBTi targets were set and validated for a
comparison against a 2019 baseline, and Agilent monitors progress towards its target against
that baseline. Agilent installed new solar installations at its Delaware site and continues to
explore opportunities for increased energy efficiency and renewable energy at its locations.
Agilent performs robust processes to understand, measure, evaluate and manage the
organization’s impacts that are applied across the organization under the governance of senior
management, including key cross-functional involvement. Agilent creates and discloses a
comprehensive and balanced understanding of the measurement and evaluation of the
organization’s impacts on stakeholders and on the organization itself.
Statement of independence, impartiality and competence
Apex is an independent professional services company that specializes in Health, Safety,
Social and Environmental management services including assurance with over 30 years history
in providing these services.
No member of the assurance team has a business relationship with Agilent, its Directors or
Managers beyond that required of this assignment. We conducted this assurance
independently and to our knowledge there has been no conflict of interest.
Apex has implemented a Code of Ethics across the business to maintain high ethical standards
among staff in their day-to-day business activities.
The assurance team has extensive experience in conducting assurance over environmental,
social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes, has over 20 years
combined experience in this field and an excellent understanding of Apex’s standard
methodology for the assurance of greenhouse gas emissions data.
Attestation:
Megan O’Neil, Lead Assuror John Rohde, Technical Reviewer
ESG Program Manager ESG Principal Consultant
Apex Companies, LLC Apex Companies, LLC
Atlanta, Georgia Lakewood, Colorado
April 23, 2024