AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE CHARTER
(AMENDED AND RESTATED AS OF MAY 18, 2022)
I. MEMBERSHIP
A. The Audit and Finance Committee (the “Committee”) of the Board of Directors (the
"Board") of Agilent Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”) shall be comprised of three or
more members of the Board, whose qualifications include financial literacy and
independence as determined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (the “Act”) and applicable
rules of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”). At least one member of the Committee must be an “audit
committee financial expert” and have “accounting or related financial management
expertise” under the requirements of the Act and the applicable rules of the NYSE and
SEC. No member of the Committee may serve on the audit committee of more than three
public companies, including the Company, unless the Board determines that such
simultaneous service will not impair the ability of such member to effectively serve on
the committee.
B. The members of the Committee shall be appointed by the Board and shall serve until
such member’s successor is duly elected and qualified or until such member’s earlier
resignation or removal. The members of the Committee may be removed, with or without
cause by a majority vote of the Board.
C. No member of the Committee shall receive compensation other than director’s fees for
service as a director of the Company, including reasonable compensation for serving on
the Committee and regular benefits that other directors receive.
II. PURPOSE
A. The purpose of the Committee is to serve as the representative of the Board for the
general oversight of Company affairs relating to:
1. The quality and integrity of the Company’s financial statements,
2. The Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements,
3. The independent auditor’s qualifications, independence and performance,
4. The performance of the Company’s internal audit function, and
5. The Company’s system of internal controls regarding finance, accounting, legal
compliance and ethics that management and the Board have established.B. Through its activities, the Committee facilitates open communication among directors,
independent auditors, the internal auditor and management by meeting in private session
regularly with these parties.
C. The Committee also provides oversight regarding significant financial matters, including
borrowings, currency exposures, dividends, share issuance and repurchases, and the
financial aspects of the Company's benefit plans.
III. MEETINGS AND PROCEDURES
A. The Committee shall convene at least four times each year and may also act by
unanimous written consent.
B. The Committee shall endeavor to determine that auditing procedures and controls are
adequate to safeguard Company assets and to assess compliance with Company policies
and legal requirements.
C. The Committee shall be given full access to the Company's internal auditors, chair of the
Board, Company executives and independent auditors. When any audit has been prepared
by a registered public accounting firm for the Company, the Committee shall timely
receive a report from such firm on (1) all critical accounting policies and practices; (2) all
alternative treatments of financial information within generally accepted accounting
principles that have been discussed with management officials of the issuer, ramifications
of the use of such alternative disclosures and treatments, and the treatment preferred by
the registered public accounting firm; and (3) other material written communications
between the registered public accounting firm and company management, such as any
management letter or schedule of unadjusted differences
D. The Company shall provide for appropriate funding, as determined by the Committee, in
its capacity as a committee of the Board, for payment of compensation to any advisers
employed by the Committee and to the independent auditor employed by the Company
for the purpose of rendering or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review
or attest services and ordinary administrative expenses of the audit committee that are
necessary or appropriate in carrying out its duties.
E. The Committee shall have the authority to delegate any or all of its responsibilities to a
subcommittee of the Committee, as permitted by the laws and regulations that govern its
actions.
F. The Committee shall have the authority to conduct or authorize investigations into any
matters within the scope of its responsibilities as it shall deem appropriate, including the
authority to request any officer, employee or advisor of the Company to meet with the
Committee or any advisors engaged by the Committee.IV. RESPONSIBILITIES
A. The Committee shall:
1. Have the sole authority to appoint, retain, compensate, oversee, evaluate and, where
appropriate, replace the independent auditor.
2. Annually review and approve the proposed scope of each fiscal year's internal and
outside audit at the beginning of each new fiscal year.
3. Inform each registered public accounting firm performing audit, review or attest work
for the Company that such firm shall report directly to the Committee.
4. Directly oversee the work of any registered public accounting firm employed by the
Company, including the resolution of any disagreement between management and the
auditor regarding financial reporting, for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit
opinion or related work.
5. Review and approve in advance any audit and non-audit services and fees to be
provided by the Company's independent auditor, other than “prohibited nonauditing
services” as specified in the Act and the applicable rules of the SEC. The Committee
has the sole authority to make these approvals, although such approval may be
delegated to any Committee member so long as the approval is presented to the full
Committee at a later time.
6. At, or shortly after the end of each fiscal year, review with the independent auditor,
the internal auditor and Company management, the audited financial statements and
related opinion and costs of the audit of that year.
7. Annually obtain and review a report by the independent auditor describing: the audit
firm’s internal quality-control procedures; any material issues raised by the most
recent internal quality-control review, or peer review of the firm, or by any inquiry or
investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five
years, regarding one or more independent audits carried out by the firm, and any steps
taken to deal with any such issues; and, to assess the auditor’s independence, all
relationships between the independent auditor and the Company.
8. Review funding and investment policies, implementation of funding policies and
investment performance of the Company's benefit plans.9. Provide any recommendations, certifications and reports that may be required by the
NYSE or the SEC including the report of the Committee that must be included in the
Company’s annual proxy statement.
10. Meet to review and discuss the annual audited financial statements and quarterly
financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including
reviewing the Company’s specific disclosures under “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Separately or in
conjunction with these reviews, monitor the adequacy and effectiveness of the system
of internal controls over financial reporting and any significant changes in internal
controls over financial reporting.
11. Discuss with management the type of presentation and type of information to be
included in the Company’s earnings press releases and the financial information
(including the use of non-GAAP information and any reconciliations thereof to
GAAP information) and earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies.
12. Establish and oversee procedures for (a) the receipt, retention, and treatment of
complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting
controls, or auditing matters; and (b) the confidential anonymous submission by
employees of the Company of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing
matters.
13. Ensure the rotation of the audit partners of the Company’s independent auditor as
defined in and as required by the Act and the rules of the SEC.
14. Confirm with any independent auditor retained to provide audit services for any fiscal
year that the lead (or coordinating) audit partner (having primary responsibility for
the audit), or the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit, has not performed
audit services for the Company in each of the five previous fiscal years of the
Company and that the firm meets all legal and professional requirements for
independence.
15. Review with management the policies and procedures designed to promote the
Company’s compliance with laws and regulations, the Company’s compliance with
laws and regulations and any other legal or regulatory matters that may have a
material impact on the Company’s financial statements; any material reports or
inquiries from regulators or government agencies; and the policies and procedures
designed to monitor compliance with the Company’s Standards of Business Conduct
and the results of such monitoring.16. Discuss with management and the independent auditor the Company’s policies with
respect to risk assessment and risk management, and the steps management has taken
to monitor and mitigate major financial risk exposures.
17. Oversee the Company’s annual enterprise risk management assessment, which
includes the review of the primary risks facing the Company and the Company’s
associated risk mitigation measures, including in areas of business continuity
planning, cybersecurity, compliance, internal controls and health and safety.
18. Meet separately, periodically, with management, with internal auditors and with the
independent auditor.
19. In consultation with the independent auditor, management and the internal auditors,
review the integrity of the Company’s financial reporting process.
20. Review periodically major issues regarding accounting principles and financial
statement presentations, including any significant changes in the Company’s selection
or application of accounting principles, and major issues as to the adequacy of the
Company’s internal controls and any special audit steps adopted in light of material
control deficiencies; analyses prepared by management and/or the independent
auditor setting forth significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in
connection with the preparation of the financial statements, including analyses of the
effects of alternative GAAP methods on the financial statements; and the effect of
regulatory and accounting initiatives, as well as off balance sheet structures, on the
financial statements of the Company.
21. Review with the independent auditor (a) any audit problems or other difficulties
encountered by the auditor in the course of the audit process, including any
restrictions on the scope of the independent auditor’s activities or on access to
requested information, and any significant disagreements with management and (b)
management’s responses to such matters.
22. Review and discuss with the independent auditor the responsibility, budget and
staffing of the Company’s internal audit function.
23. Set clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent
auditor in accordance with the standards set forth in the Act and the rules of the SEC.
24. Report regularly to the Board (i) following meetings of the Committee, (ii) with
respect to those matters that are relevant to the Committee’s discharge of its
responsibilities, and (iii) with respect to those recommendations that the Committee
may deem appropriate. The report to the Board may take the form of an oral report bythe chair of the Committee or any other member of the Committee designated by the
Committee to make such report.
25. Perform a review and evaluation, at least annually, of the performance of the
Committee. In addition, the Committee shall review and reassess, at least annually,
the adequacy of this Charter and recommend to the Board any improvements to this
Charter that the Committee considers necessary or valuable. The Committee shall
conduct such evaluations and reviews in such manner as it deems appropriate.