Policy Statement
Agilent’s Supplier Code of Conduct Policy
Agilent’s suppliers are expected to adhere to the following requirements with respect to their operations, products and services:
 Suppliers shall comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety laws, rules, and regulations.
 Suppliers shall have environmental, health and safety management systems that are based on ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001.
 Direct material suppliers shall comply with Agilent’s general requirements for restricting or prohibiting certain substances in
products manufactured for or delivered to Agilent per Agilent General Specification for the Environment (GSE), Drawing A-
5951-1745-1, as well as any additional and applicable material content regulations.
 Suppliers shall take reasonable measures to ensure products, parts, components and materials supplied to Agilent are “DRC
(Democratic Republic of Congo) conflict free” as that term is used under Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act (“the Dodd-Frank Act”).
 Suppliers shall comply with all applicable labor laws, rules, and regulations, including but not limited to, all laws forbidding
the solicitation, facilitation, or any other use of slavery or human trafficking ( as those terms are used in the California
Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010, California Civil Code, section 1714.43),
 Suppliers shall ensure respect for human rights throughout their operations (including but not limited to the operations of
their own suppliers and any permitted sub-contractors) in accordance with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and
Human Rights (the “UN Guiding Principles”).
 Suppliers shall comply with all applicable Equal Opportunity laws and accompanying regulations: Executive Order 11246,
as amended, (and its implementing regulations at 41 C.F.R. part 60); The Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance
Act of 1974, as amended (and its implementing regulations at 41 C.F.R. 60-300); and Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act
of 1973, as amended (and its implementing regulations at 41 C.F.R 60-741); and, Executive Order 13496 (and its
implementing regulations at 29 C.F.R. part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A).
 Suppliers shall not employ under-age labor as described in Minimum Age Convention 138 and Worst Forms of Child Labour
Convention 182 of the International Labour Organization.
 Suppliers shall not make use of forced or compulsory labor as described in Article 2 in the Forced Labour Convention 29 and
Article 1 in the Abolition of Forced Labour Convention 105 of the International Labour Organization.
 Suppliers shall provide equal remuneration and shall respect, within the framework of local laws and established practices,
the principles of Article 1 in the Equal Remuneration Convention 100 and Article 1 in the Discrimination [Employment and
Occupation] Convention 111 of the International Labour Organization.
 Suppliers shall respect, within the framework of local laws and established practices, the principles of Article 2 in the
Freedom of Association and Protection of the Right to Organize Convention 87 and Articles 1 and 2 in the Right to Organize
and Collective Bargaining Convention 98 of the International Labour Organization.
 Suppliers shall comply with all applicable anti-corruption laws, rules, and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, and those enacted under the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public
Officials in International Business Transactions.
 Suppliers shall take reasonable measures to ensure that their suppliers adhere to similar environmental and social
responsibility principles. Agilent suppliers may never engage in any activity prohibited by this Code of Conduct by knowingly
employing – or failing to impose appropriate corrective action, up to and including termination, upon a subcontractor or
supplier who performs the prohibited activity on behalf of the Agilent supplier.
 Supplier shall comply with applicable security and privacy laws and regulations as well as data retention requirements in all
situations when conducting business with Agilent. Suppliers must ensure that, at all times, they have appropriate technical
and security measures in place to protect Agilent’s confidential information from unauthorized disclosure. Suppliers may not
outsource, disclose, share, or use this information with anyone, or for any purpose, outside the terms of their agreement(s)
with Agilent.
Reviewed and approved by Agilent Global Sourcing Senior Director, Lynn Metrulas, November 2015
This policy is approved by Agilent's executive management and applies to Agilent operations worldwide.
Printed copies of this document are uncontrolled.