AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE CHARTER
I. MEMBERSHIP
A. The Audit and Finance Committee (the "Committee") of the Board of Directors
(the "Board") shall consist of at least three directors whose qualifications include
financial literacy and independence as determined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
(the “Act”) and applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and
the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). At least one member of the
Committee must be an “audit committee financial expert” and have “accounting
or related financial management expertise” under the requirements of the Act and
the applicable rules of the NYSE and SEC. No member of the Committee may
serve on the audit committee of more than three public companies, including the
Company, unless the Board of Directors determines that such simultaneous
service will not impair the ability of such member to effectively serve on the
committee.
B. No member of the Committee shall receive compensation other than director’s
fees for service as a director of the Company, including reasonable compensation
for serving on the Committee and regular benefits that other directors receive.
II. PURPOSE
A. The Committee serves as the representative of the Board for the general oversight
of Company affairs relating to:
1. The quality and integrity of the Company’s financial statements,
2. The Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements,
3. The independent auditor’s qualifications and independence, and
4. The performance of the Company’s internal audit function and independent
auditors.
B. Through its activities, the Committee facilitates open communication among
directors, independent auditors, the internal auditor and management by meeting
in private session regularly with these parties.
C. The Committee also provides oversight regarding significant financial matters,
including borrowings, currency exposures, dividends, share issuance and
repurchases, and the financial aspects of the Company's benefit plans.
Audit & Finance Committee Charter - As Amended & Adopted November 16, 2005 1III. MEETINGS AND PROCEDURES
A. The Committee shall convene at least four times each year.
B It shall endeavor to determine that auditing procedures and controls are adequate
to safeguard Company assets and to assess compliance with Company policies
and legal requirements.
C. The Committee shall be given full access to the Company's internal auditors,
Board Chairman, Company executives and independent auditors. When any audit
has been prepared by a registered public accounting firm for the Company, the
Committee shall timely receive a report from such firm on (1) all critical
accounting policies and practices; (2) all alternative treatments of financial
information within generally accepted accounting principles that have been
discussed with management officials of the issuer, ramifications of the use of such
alternative disclosures and treatments, and the treatment preferred by the
registered public accounting firm; and (3) other material written communications
between the registered public accounting firm and company management, such as
any management letter or schedule of unadjusted differences
IV. RESPONSIBILITIES
A. The Committee shall:
1. Have the sole authority to appoint, retain, compensate, oversee, evaluate and,
where appropriate, replace the independent auditor.
2. Annually review and approve the proposed scope of each fiscal year's internal and
outside audit at the beginning of each new fiscal year.
3. Inform each registered public accounting firm performing audit, review or attest
work for the Company that such firm shall report directly to the Committee.
4. Directly oversee the work of any registered public accounting firm employed by
the Company, including the resolution of any disagreement between management
and the auditor regarding financial reporting, for the purpose of preparing or
issuing an audit opinion or related work.
5. Review and approve in advance any audit and non-audit services and fees to be
provided by the Company's independent auditor, other than “prohibited non-
auditing services” as specified in the Act and the applicable rules of the SEC. The
Committee has the sole authority to make these approvals, although such approval
may be delegated to any committee member so long as the approval is presented
to the full Committee at a later time.
Audit & Finance Committee Charter - As Amended & Adopted November 16, 2005 26. At, or shortly after the end of each fiscal year, review with the independent
auditor, the internal auditor and Company management, the audited financial
statements and related opinion and costs of the audit of that year.
7. Annually obtain and review a report by the independent auditor describing: the
audit firm’s internal quality-control procedures; any material issues raised by the
most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review of the firm, or by any
inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the
preceding five years, regarding one or more independent audits carried out by the
firm, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues; and, to assess the auditor’s
independence, all relationships between the independent auditor and the
Company.
8. Review funding and investment policies, implementation of funding policies and
investment performance of the Company's benefit plans.
9. Provide any recommendations, certifications and reports that may be required by
the NYSE or the SEC including the report of the Committee that must be included
in the Company’s annual proxy statement.
10. Meet to review and discuss the annual audited financial statements and quarterly
financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including
reviewing the Company’s specific disclosures under “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Separately or in
conjunction with these reviews, monitor the adequacy and effectiveness of the
system of internal controls over financial reporting and any significant changes in
internal controls over financial reporting.
11. Discuss with management the type of presentation and type of information to be
included in the Company’s earnings press releases and the financial information
and earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies.
12. Establish and oversee procedures for (a) the receipt, retention, and treatment of
complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting
controls, or auditing matters; and (b) the confidential anonymous submission by
employees of the Company of concerns regarding questionable accounting or
auditing matters.
13. Have the authority to engage independent counsel and other advisers as it
determines necessary to carry out its duties. The Company shall provide for
appropriate funding, as determined by the Committee, in its capacity as a
committee of the Board of Directors, for payment of compensation to any
advisers employed by the Committee and to the independent auditor employed by
the Company for the purpose of rendering or issuing an audit report or performing
other audit, review or attest services and ordinary administrative expenses of the
audit committee that are necessary or appropriate in carrying out its duties.
Audit & Finance Committee Charter - As Amended & Adopted November 16, 2005 314. Ensure the rotation of the audit partners of the Company’s independent auditor as
defined in and as required by the Act and the rules of the SEC.
15. Confirm with any independent auditor retained to provide audit services for any
fiscal year that the lead (or coordinating) audit partner (having primary
responsibility for the audit), or the audit partner responsible for reviewing the
audit, has not performed audit services for the Company in each of the five
previous fiscal years of the Company and that the firm meets all legal and
professional requirements for independence.
16. Discuss with management and the independent auditor the Company’s policies
with respect to risk assessment and risk management.
17. Meet separately, periodically, with management, with internal auditors and with
the independent auditor.
18. In consultation with the independent auditor, management and the internal
auditors, review the integrity of the Company’s financial reporting process.
19. Review periodically major issues regarding accounting principles and financial
statement presentations, including any significant changes in the Company’s
selection or application of accounting principles, and major issues as to the
adequacy of the Company’s internal controls and any special audit steps adopted
in light of material control deficiencies; analyses prepared by management and/or
the independent auditor setting forth significant financial reporting issues and
judgments made in connection with the preparation of the financial statements,
including analyses of the effects of alternative GAAP methods on the financial
statements; and the effect of regulatory and accounting initiatives, as well as off-
balance sheet structures, on the financial statements of the Company.
20. Review with the independent auditor (a) any audit problems or other difficulties
encountered by the auditor in the course of the audit process, including any
restrictions on the scope of the independent auditor’s activities or on access to
requested information, and any significant disagreements with management and
(b) management’s responses to such matters.
21. Review and discuss with the independent auditor the responsibility, budget and
staffing of the Company’s internal audit function.
22. Set clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent
auditor in accordance with the standards set forth in the Act and the rules of the
SEC.
Audit & Finance Committee Charter - As Amended & Adopted November 16, 2005 423. Report regularly to the Board of Directors. Such report to the Board of Directors
may take the form of an oral report by the Chairman or any other member of the
Committee designated by the Committee to make such report.
24. Perform a review and evaluation, at least annually, of the performance of the
Committee. In addition, the Committee shall review and reassess, at least
annually, the adequacy of this Charter and recommend to the Board of Directors
any improvements to this Charter that the Committee considers necessary or
valuable. The Committee shall conduct such evaluations and reviews in such
manner as it deems appropriate.
Audit & Finance Committee Charter - As Amended & Adopted November 16, 2005 5