Uncompromising Integrity
Our Standards of Business ConductTable of Contents
Letter from Agilent President and CEO ........................................................3
Values ..................................................................................................................4
Overview .............................................................................................................5
Concerns and Questions .................................................................................7
Our Standards ....................................................................................................9
Conflicts of Interest ................................................................................9 International Business .........................................................................30
1.1 Identifying and Disclosing Conflicts 7.1 Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption Laws
1.2 Financial Interests 7.2 International Trade
1.3 Outside Employment and Consulting 7.3 Boycotts
1.4 Board Directorships and Advisory Roles Gifts and Entertainment .......................................................................32
1.5 Volunteer Activities 8.1 What You May Accept
1.6 Personal Relationships 8.2 What You May Give
1.7 Personal Benefits 8.3 Government Employees
Protecting Information .........................................................................13 US Government Contracting ...............................................................35
2.1 Defining Sensitive Information 9.1 Doing Business with the Government
2.2 Data Privacy 9.2 Procurement Integrity
2.3 Inside Information 9.3 Protection of Government Information and Property
Protecting Assets ..................................................................................16 Accuracy in Recordkeeping ...............................................................37
3.1 Physical and Electronic Assets 10.1 Financial Integrity.
3.2 Intellectual Property 10.2 Anti-money Laundering
3.3 The Agilent Brand 10.3 Records Management
3.4 Theft and Fraud Equal Employment Opportunity ..........................................................40
Communicating about Agilent ...........................................................19 11.1 Anti-harassment, Anti-discrimination
4.1 Speaking on Behalf of Agilent 11.2 Compliance with Labor Laws
4.2 Government Audits and Investigations A Safe Workplace .................................................................................42
4.3 Social Media 12.1 Preventing Accidents and Injuries
The Marketplace ...................................................................................22 12.2 A Violence-free Workplace
5.1 Competition and Antitrust Laws 12.3 Substance Abuse
5.2 Interactions with Resellers and Other Channel Partners Social and Environmental Responsibilities .....................................44
5.3 Ethical Sales Practices and Marketing 13.1 Charitable and Political Activities.
5.4 Interactions with Suppliers 13.2 Environmental Compliance
5.5 Interactions with Healthcare Professionals
Resources .................................................................................Back Cover
Safety and Product Quality .................................................................27
6.1 Safety First
6.2 Research Standards
6.3 Quality and Regulatory Standards
6.4 Other Life Sciences Industry Standards
2A Message
from Mike McMullen
Agilent’s Commitment to Uncompromising Integrity
Agilent teams are richly diverse in global cultural Agilent has earned a reputation for honesty and
perspectives, individual knowledge and experience. integrity and for consistently sharing information
However, what has always drawn us together across truthfully with all stakeholders. We owe it to our
borders, business groups and individual jobs are our investors, employees and customers to always act
values, which includes always acting with with uncompromising integrity.
uncompromising integrity. That will never change.
I expect all managers to review these Standards
Our values form the foundation of how we work with their employees and to make the Standards
with customers, suppliers and competitors. Ethical a living part of our working teams to ensure full
behavior, honesty and adherence to laws are the understanding and compliance.
hallmarks of how we operate. This is an absolute at
As we partner with our customers to meet their
Agilent; there is no room for compromise.
biggest challenges, let’s ensure that Agilent values
Today’s business world is more complex than ever and drive every decision we make and every action
often answers are not easy. The Agilent Standards of we take. Let’s never forget that honesty, integrity,
Business Conduct is a practical guide, clarifying our compliance with global laws and Agilent’s Standards
President and CEO,
standards for everyday business situations. These of Business Conduct are our highest priorities in how
Agilent Technologies
Standards apply to every Agilent employee, and each we do business.
of us is personally accountable for understanding and
upholding them.
Although it is important to grow our business, we
cannot do so by compromising any of our Standards
or breaking the law, even unknowingly. In fact, as a
leading global company, we must go a step further
and avoid even the appearance of any impropriety.
3Values
As a global company, Agilent enjoys the diversity of cultural and individual located. They form the foundation of our standards of business conduct,
perspectives held by our employees. Yet we have a common bond that which define how we approach our work in a complex business
unites us—our enduring set of values. Our values are the basis for every environment. Every employee is expected to uphold Agilent’s values.
decision we make and every action we take, no matter where we are
Innovation and Contribution Speed
We differentiate our contribution in the We anticipate and respond to customer
eyes of our customers. We invent and and business needs with an intense
discover solutions and seek new ideas to sense of urgency. We act decisively to
help our customers. make course corrections if one path
isn’t working.
Trust, Respect and Teamwork Focus
We treat all Individuals with respect. We make tough trade-offs. We prioritize
We create an inclusive environment that and simplify to understand what’s really
fosters respect for each person’s ideas important. We focus on anticipating and
and contributions. We realize the full satisfying customer needs.
power of a global, diverse workforce.
Uncompromising Integrity Accountability
We never compromise integrity in We do what we say we’ll do. We make
any relationships with customers, straightforward commitments and follow
competitors, suppliers or employees. through on them.
We adhere to the highest standards
of business ethics and acknowledge
anything less as unacceptable.
Table of Contents Resources 4Overview
Throughout our history as a company, we have seen dramatic changes Who Must Comply With The SBC?
in technology, in the economic climate and in our industry, but our
Agilent’s SBC applies to all employees, executives, officers, directors, managers
commitment to a basic set of values has remained the same. Our and third parties who work for—or on behalf of—our company. Each of us has a
Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) helps us stay true to our values responsibility to:
by providing the information, guidance and resources needed to
• Be familiar with the policies and guidelines set forth in the SBC.
operate with honesty and integrity and in compliance with the laws and
• Know and comply with the laws and regulations in the countries where
regulations everywhere we do business.
we operate.
• When in doubt, ask questions before taking action. Disclose observations or
information about conduct you believe might be illegal or unethical or that
violate the SBC.
• Cooperate fully and honestly in any internal investigations of misconduct.
In addition, directors must comply with the Director Code of Ethics.
Managers Have Additional Responsibilities
We look to our leaders not only to set the tone for an ethical workplace, but also
to mentor, coach and guide employees on how to conduct business honestly, with
integrity, and in full compliance with the SBC. If you are a manager, you have a
responsibility to:
• Lead by example—demonstrate that there is no gap between what you expect
and what you do.
• Create and maintain a workplace where employees feel comfortable coming
forward with questions and concerns.
• Support employees who raise issues. Treat the information they share as
sensitive, disclosing it only to those who have a business need to know, as you
work to find a solution.
• Maintain an environment free of fear of retaliation or other adverse impact for
sharing concerns in good faith.
Table of Contents Resources 5Overview
Look Beyond the Law or Local Culture
As a company that conducts business in a complex global marketplace, we
recognize that the SBC simply cannot address every situation that might arise
on the job. However, at their core, they set the expectation that each of us will
act with the highest integrity.
Use good judgment at all times and in all places. In situations where local
customs or practices conflict with the SBC, you must comply with the SBC.
If you are ever faced with an ethical dilemma, let the following questions guide
your decision-making.
Would I feel
Does it comply Does it align comfortable if the
Is it legal?
with our policies? with our values? action were published
in the media?
If you can answer “yes” to all four questions, it is probably safe to move Violating The SBC
forward. But a “no” or “not sure” to any of them should cause you to stop and
A violation of the SBC is considered misconduct, for which employees can be
reconsider your action. It is always appropriate—in any situation, under any
subject to discipline, including immediate termination of employment at Agilent.
circumstances—to ask for help.
Table of Contents Resources 6Concerns and Questions
Reporting Concerns and Asking Questions Agilent has an Open Door Policy that allows you to report your concerns to any
level of management. Typically your direct manager should be your first point of
As employees, we are required to speak up if we see or suspect conduct
contact. If you are uncomfortable speaking with your manager or other members
that violates the SBC, our policies or the laws and regulations that apply
of management (or if you have shared your concern with a manager and feel your
to our business. You must report through an appropriate channel any
concern is not being addressed appropriately), you may contact your local Human
misconduct you observe or become aware of, whether the violation involves
Resources Department or one of the following resources:
you, another Agilent employee, or a third party conducting business with or
on behalf of Agilent. As a corporation whose stock is listed on a public stock
Legal Department
exchange, we have a responsibility to our investors and other stakeholders
http://legal.agilent.com/asklegal.shtm
to investigate all good-faith reports of misconduct. We conduct those
investigations with the highest degree of confidentiality, in compliance with Compliance
local laws, and in a prompt manner using qualified personnel. helpline.legal-compliance@agilent.com
Global Human Resources
http://www.hr.agilent.com/yellowpages/index_ab_selectgeo.asp
The Compliance Hotline
http://www.agilent.com/about/compliance/hotline.html
Table of Contents Resources 7Concerns and Questions
Our Policy on Non-retaliation
The Compliance Hotline
We recognize that reporting any misconduct, including violations of the SBC can
The Compliance Hotline is operated by an independent reporting service that
be stressful to the employee making the report. Agilent strictly prohibits retaliation
allows you to communicate your concerns anonymously (where permitted by
against anyone who makes a good faith report about a known or suspected violation
law) and confidentially via telephone or Internet, at any time day or night. For
of the SBC and against anyone who assists in an investigation into such matters.
more information about the Compliance Hotline, please visit
We want you to feel as comfortable as possible in coming forward, secure in the
Compliance@Agilent.
knowledge that you are doing the right thing, even if the report is not—or cannot
be—substantiated.
In countries where anonymous reporting is not permitted, employees may
share their concerns using our Open Door Policy.
Sometimes it may seem easier to say nothing or look the other way if you suspect
something is wrong, but doing nothing is, in fact, an action that can have serious
consequences for Agilent and even for an individual. Always do your part to raise
concerns promptly so they can be addressed. Be assured that the information you
provide will be shared only with those who need the information to investigate and
After You Report
resolve the issue.
As a company, we have a responsibility to investigate all credible reports of
misconduct thoroughly and without bias. Regardless of whom you contact, you
can be assured that your concern will be handled promptly and appropriately. We
will treat your report with sensitivity and disclose the information only to those who
need the information in order to conduct an appropriate investigation and address
the issues that have been raised.
We have established processes and procedures to ensure all internal investigations
are conducted by qualified personnel in a manner that is lawful in the given
jurisdiction and professional. Facts and circumstances will be reviewed, investigated
and treated confidentially to the extent possible under the law. When required
by law (or determined appropriate by our company), we may inform the relevant
government authorities.
Table of Contents Resources 8Conflicts of Interest
1.1 Identifying and Disclosing Conflicts 1.1
1.2 Financial Interests
Identifying and Disclosing Conflicts
1.3 Outside Employment and Consulting
A conflict of interest can exist any time your personal investments, activities,
1.4 Board Directorships and Advisory Roles
interests or associations (or those of your family members or others with whom you
1.5 Volunteer Activities
have a personal relationship) compromise your loyalty to Agilent. When making
1.6 Personal Relationships
decisions related to Agilent work, you have a duty to act in our company’s best
1.7 Personal Benefits
interests and avoid even the appearance of a conflict.
While it is not possible to list every situation that could present a conflict, there are
certain situations in which conflicts typically arise. It is your obligation to avoid these
situations whenever possible and to disclose them when they do arise. If you have
questions about the proper course of action in any situation, you should disclose the
issue to your direct manager, or to any manager in your management chain, and
seek his or her advice before taking any action.
Most conflicts can easily be avoided or addressed if promptly disclosed and
properly managed. If you are in a situation in which there may be a real or perceived
conflict, you must disclose it promptly in writing to your manager. In situations that
require approval, the responsible manager will review the matter and communicate
to you in writing, advising either that there is no objection to the activity or
relationship or that there are specific steps you must take to resolve the potential
conflict.
You have a continuing obligation to disclose any change in circumstances that could
As employees, we do what’s right for the company, avoiding situations
affect the situation as soon as you become aware of it. In the meantime, copies of
that could create—or appear to create—a conflict between our personal
your disclosure and the company’s response will be maintained by Agilent in your
interests, or the interests of friends and family members, and the interests
personnel file. Should your manager leave his or her position you should inform your
of Agilent. We avoid the types of situations that can give rise to conflicts of new manager of the existing circumstance.
interest, recognizing that they can cloud our judgment and impair our ability
to objectively make business decisions.
Disclose in writing, any real or perceived conflicts of interest.
Table of Contents Resources 9Conflicts of Interest
1.2 1.3
Financial Interests Outside Employment and Consulting
A conflict of interest may arise if you or a family member holds a financial Work outside of Agilent can pose a potential conflict of interest if it competes with
interest in, or exercises control or influence over, an Agilent supplier, customer, the work you do for our company or if it interferes with the time, talent and energy
reseller or competitor. The potential for a conflict generally depends on the size you bring to the job.
of your investment, your job and the nature of the business relationship between
The following activities are expressly prohibited:
our company and the one in which you have invested (or intend to invest).
Disclose the investment and seek guidance any time an investment you are • Working for a competitor in any capacity
considering or have made in the past could pose a potential conflict of interest.
• Supporting or promoting the products and services of a competitor
• Supporting or promoting Agilent products or services (or products or services that
Q My father owns stock in one of Agilent’s resellers. Is are similar to ours) on behalf of another company
that a problem?
• Holding more than one job within Agilent—for example, you cannot be an
employee in one Agilent division and an independent contractor for another
A It depends. If, for example, the reseller is publicly traded and
your father’s investment is small, it’s probably not a problem.
Other activities may be permitted if disclosure is made in advance and written
If the reseller is a private company, however, and your father’s
approval is obtained.
interest is considered significant, you would need to disclose
that information immediately as it could affect, or appear to Even in situations where a second job is allowed or approved, there is the
affect, your ability to make objective business decisions and expectation that any work you do outside of Agilent will not adversely affect the
act solely in the best interests of Agilent. performance of your job responsibilities (or the responsibilities of others) at Agilent.
Q I work at a jewelery store on the weekend and some nights, does
this pose a conflict of interest?
A No, however, you should make your manager aware of this
arrangement and take special care to not allow the work you do
outside of Agilent to adversely affect the performance of your job
responsibilities at Agilent.
Table of Contents Resources 10Conflicts of Interest
1.4 1.5
Board Directorships and Advisory Roles Volunteer Activities
Agilent employees are sometimes asked to take directorship positions or to act We strongly support your volunteer service with charitable, professional and
in advisory roles to the board of directors of companies, universities, or other community organizations. Keep in mind that in general, volunteer activities must
organizations. Before agreeing to serve as a director or in an advisory capacity on take place on your own time, using your own funds and resources, and that the
any board, you must disclose in writing to your manager, so that the activity can be work you do does not conflict—or appear to conflict—with your work at Agilent.
reviewed to determine whether the position will conflict with or interfere with your
Do not allow an organization with which you are affiliated to use our company
job responsibilities at Agilent.
name or assets unless you obtain approval from your manager in writing, and
Follow company policy as it relates to directorships on the boards of: do not solicit others on Agilent property or during working hours on behalf of an
outside organization, unless doing so is part of an annual charity drive that has
• Competitors: You may not accept a position on the Board of any Agilent
been sanctioned by our company.
competitor.
• Companies or organizations that support or promote a competitor’s Q My son’s school is doing a fundraiser. Is it okay to distribute a
products or services: You must obtain approval from a member of Agilent’s copy of the sales catalog to my coworkers so they can browse
Executive Staff and General Counsel. and order in their spare time?
• For-profit product suppliers or service providers, customers or
A In order to promote our business operations and limit
resellers: You must obtain approval from a member of Agilent’s Executive Staff
distractions, we do not permit solicitation or distribution of sales
and General Counsel.
catalogs—or any other kinds of literature or sales collateral—
• Nonprofit product suppliers or service providers, customers or during work hours. You may, however, engage in such activities
resellers: You must obtain approval from a VP or higher. as long as it takes place in non-working areas during non-
working times, if you obtain approval in advance. Note that any
If you are serving as a director or advisor for a company or other organization and
form of solicitation on company premises by non-employees is
encounter any situation where your role may be in conflict with our interests, you
prohibited at all times.
must either withdraw from that situation or resign as director.
There are situations where your volunteer service can present some of the same
issues as paid employment. In any situation where the work that you are doing
may conflict with your work at Agilent or the work that Agilent does, you must
disclose the proposed activity to Agilent.
Table of Contents Resources 11Conflicts of Interest
1.6 Q In making arrangements with a local hotel, my coworker applied
the hotel reward points earned from booking a corporate meeting
Personal Relationships
to her personal account. Can she do that?
Business decisions can become difficult if the person with whom you are dealing is
a friend or family member. Comply with company policy and disclose all situations A No, she should not receive any personal benefits from doing
in which you or your Agilent business group contemplates conducting business what’s expected of her, as part of her job. Accepting the points
with members of your family, friends or others with whom you have a close represents a conflict of interest since her decision—for this
personal relationship. meeting and for future meetings—could be based on points she
gains rather than the best value for Agilent.
Q My sister-in-law works for a company that does business with
Agilent. Is that a problem? Never use company property, information or your position at Agilent for personal
gain, and do not take for yourself a business opportunity that belongs to Agilent.
A Agilent does not prohibit the conduct of business with
If, through your job, you become aware of such an opportunity, notify your direct
companies that employ friends and family members of our
manager.
employees, but it is important to disclose the relationship so that
any necessary actions can be taken to prevent potential conflicts Note that gift-giving and receiving can also represent a conflict of interest when
from affecting—or appearing to affect—decisions that you make doing so influences (or appears to influence) your decision-making. Make sure you
on behalf of the company. know, understand and comply with our policy on Gifts and Entertainment.
1.7
Personal Benefits
Take Responsibility
Business interaction in social settings and common business courtesies are
• Be alert to the types of situations that could pose a potential conflict.
appropriate when done with good judgment and moderation. However, you may
not receive any personal profit or advantage other than your compensation from • Ask yourself: Am I involved in any situation that could create—or even
Agilent in connection with any transaction involving our company. Participation in appear to create—a conflict between my personal interests and the
published frequent flyer programs is acceptable, except for those that offer cash interests of Agilent?
refunds. You may not accept other kinds of free travel or participate in frequent
• Disclose any actual or potential conflicts of interest, or situations that
purchase programs outside the travel industry that are based on purchases by or
could present an appearance of a conflict of interest, to management
for Agilent. You are also prohibited from obtaining reward points for personal use
and receive approval before engaging in the activity.
or other personal benefits from travel service providers in connection with planning
• Remove yourself from any decision-making in situations that pose—or
a group activity or travel for yourself or for others.
appear to pose—a conflict.
• Learn more: << link(s) to relevant policy >>
Table of Contents Resources 12Protecting Information
2.1 Defining Sensitive Information 2.1
2.2 Data Privacy
Defining Sensitive Information
2.3 Inside Information
Sensitive information is non-public information in any form, whether written, verbal,
or electronic, to which you are exposed as part of your job. It includes:
• Information about our business, such as new product research, product
specifications and designs, business strategies, customer lists and marketing
plans
• Nonpublic financial information, such as forecasts, pricing strategies and
budget information
• Information about our employees, such as benefit, compensation and
performance information
• Information about third parties, such as customers, suppliers, resellers,
research partners and other third parties, that we have been entrusted to protect
Label sensitive information in accordance with company guidelines to indicate the
level of care to be exercised in handling it and how widely it may be distributed.
You should treat unlabeled information as sensitive unless a good reason exists for
believing otherwise.
Information is one of Agilent’s most valuable assets. As employees, we have
Before disclosing sensitive information—inside or outside of Agilent—make
an obligation to safeguard information about our company, our coworkers
sure there are good business reasons for sharing it, that you are authorized to
and the companies with which we do business. We must know the kind of
disclose it, that you are disclosing it to someone who is authorized to see it and
information considered sensitive, never use it for our personal benefit and that you limit the amount of information to what is required to achieve the stated
never disclose it to others, including family members, friends or anyone else business purpose. In disclosing the information, make sure the recipient knows
who doesn’t have a need to know it. that the information is sensitive and understands the restrictions related to its
use and dissemination.
Table of Contents Resources 13Protecting Information
Q Why is the protection of sensitive information so important? 2.2
Data Privacy
A Information such as business and technical data drives our
competitive advantage in the marketplace and can be of great Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is data that can be used to identify a
value to competitors. Violating our policy regarding the disclosure specific person, such as a name, address, photo, birth date or phone number. We
of sensitive information can weaken our competitive position, value the privacy of our employees, our customers and third parties with whom we
as well as investments we have made and resources we have do business and are committed to the responsible collection, storage, use, transfer
developed. and disposal of their personal information. Personal data must be processed in
accordance with the applicable local laws. Note that the term “sensitive personal
Sensitive information should never be disclosed to third parties without the
data” has a specific meaning in certain countries and is subject to additional
protection of an appropriate written agreement, such as a Confidential Disclosure
safeguards with respect to its collection and use.
Agreement or Privacy Agreement, providing a written record that documents all
aspects of the disclosure. If you are not sure which kind of agreement to use, or if We take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect personal
the third party wants to use its own form of agreement instead of ours, contact the data from unauthorized disclosure and take swift and deliberate action to remedy
Legal Department for guidance. any breach of data.
With regard to receiving sensitive information from a third party, you should Employees with access to personal employee data or sensitive customer
accept it only after Agilent has made a management decision that it is necessary information are required to protect the information that is entrusted to them.
and a written agreement is in place that identifies the information and specifies Use it only for the purpose for which it is meant to be used and do not share it
our obligations in dealing with it. The agreement should be either our standard with anyone else, inside or outside of Agilent, who is not authorized to it.
Confidential Disclosure Agreement or another written agreement that has been Improper handling of data that is deemed private, whether for employees or
reviewed by the Legal Department. Make sure you handle the information in customers, may result in severe fines for Agilent and even criminal charges for
accordance with the agreement and use it only for the purposes it outlines. The individuals. Think about how you would want your personal information to be
best practice in receiving sensitive information, just as in disclosing it, is to maintain handled and act accordingly.
a written record that documents all aspects of the disclosure and use.
For further guidance, visit the Privacy Program Office website.
Your responsibility to protect sensitive information also applies to work you may
have done before coming to Agilent and to work you do for Agilent should you
leave the company to work elsewhere.
Table of Contents Resources 14Protecting Information
2.3 If you learn of inside information about another company, you may be considered
an insider for that company and subject to similar trading restrictions. Consult the
Inside Information
Legal Department to determine whether information is material before using it to
You may not trade in Agilent securities—or tip others to trade—based on
make an investment decision.
material, nonpublic (or inside) information. Information is material if a reasonable
investor would consider it important in making a decision to buy, sell or hold stock;
information is considered nonpublic until it is announced to the public through an
Agilent press release or SEC filing. Take Responsibility
Q What kinds of information could be considered inside • Treat sensitive information carefully; protect it as you would your
information? own personal information and take precautions before disclosing it
to anyone inside or outside of Agilent.
A Estimates of future earnings or profits, the gain or loss of a
• Only share sensitive information if you are authorized to do so—
substantial customer, awards or cancellations of major contracts,
disclose it only to the extent necessary and to those who have both
information about mergers or acquisitions, changes to the
a right and a need to know the information.
executive management team or major developments in projects,
alliances or litigation all could be considered inside information. • Comply with the law and Agilent’s policies as they relate to data
privacy.
Trading in Agilent stock includes buying or selling Agilent shares in the open
• Know what kinds of information are considered inside information
market, buying or selling exchange-traded Agilent options and selling shares
and do your part to protect it.
that were purchased under an Agilent employee stock option. It does not include
• Do not share inside information with anyone including your family,
participation in Agilent’s stock purchase plan—just do not buy or sell Agilent
your broker or others inside or outside of Agilent.
stock outside of the plan or attempt to change your enrollment if you are in
possession of inside information. • Do not trade in Agilent stock or the stock of any other company if
you possess inside information.
Violation of insider trading laws here and abroad can subject you and Agilent to
• Learn more: Insider Trading Policy
severe criminal penalties.
Table of Contents Resources 15Protecting Assets
3.1 Physical and Electronic Assets 3.1
3.2 Intellectual Property
Physical and Electronic Assets
3.3 The Agilent Brand
Assets such as office furnishings, equipment and supplies, computer hardware,
3.4 Theft and Fraud
software and information systems, whether used inside or outside the workplace,
are company property and provided for your business use. Incidental, infrequent
personal use of these assets, within reason, is permitted as long as the use is
appropriate and does not violate company policies or applicable laws and local rules.
Take steps to protect our systems from viruses and downtime. Installation of
unauthorized software, applications, hardware or storage devices on your
company-issued computer or access of our network through unauthorized
applications or devices can introduce risk. Use good judgment. Know and comply
with best practice policy and procedures in the management of software and
applications to maintain the integrity of our systems.
Use good judgment in your online and electronic communications. Take care never
to violate a law, harass others, disclose confidential information or interfere with
network users, services or equipment. Honor copyrights for software installed on
your equipment—do not duplicate, install or use software in a way that violates the
copyright or applicable license terms. Always seek advice from your direct manager
or the Legal Department if you are not certain of your rights and responsibilities.
In addition to protecting our information assets, the protection of our
Be aware that any information you create, send, receive, download or store on our
physical, financial and technology assets is a critical responsibility. Agilent systems becomes company property, and we reserve the right to monitor, review
trusts us to respect these assets, use them to carry out company business and disclose data as we deem necessary, unless prohibited or limited by applicable
and protect them from damage, loss, misuse and theft. We also have a laws and regulations.
responsibility to extend the same degree of care to assets entrusted to
Agilent by others.
Our IP is the product of many years of work and represents a
significant investment.
Table of Contents Resources 16Protecting Assets
3.2 3.3
Intellectual Property The Agilent Brand
Our intellectual property (IP) includes patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade The Agilent brand is our corporate identity and an integral part of our IP. It includes
secrets, as well as the technical data and software we have developed. Our IP is our name, the Spark of Insight, our Corporate Signature and the distinctive look of
the product of many years of work and represents a significant investment, one our products. Each of us has a duty to protect the brand by following the applicable
we need to protect in accordance with company policies and applicable laws and standards and policies relating to its visual representation and use and by reporting
regulations. The enduring obligation to protect IP continues even if you should stop any misuse, internally or externally. Consistent representation is key to building our
working for Agilent, and you should understand that Agilent will lawfully enforce its company’s brand equity and defending the brand against infringers.
IP rights.
Any use of Agilent’s name or trademarks by any other entity in a way that suggests
Agilent respects the IP rights of others. You also are responsible for complying with that Agilent has an affiliation with or is endorsing that entity requires an appropriate
copyright laws with respect to books, articles, images, videos, music and other written license from Agilent and the written approval of a VP or the appropriate
forms of expression, whether they are in hard copy or electronic form. Do not copy local General Manager and the marketing manager of the relevant Agilent
these items for your own use or for Agilent’s use unless proper permission has entity. Use of our logo by our suppliers is seldom permitted and should never be
been obtained. considered without first going through Agilent’s Third Party Trademark Use Process
and, in the event of questions, consultation with Agilent’s Trademark Counsel.
If you have concerns about Agilent’s right to use a current or planned
Agilent product or service because of the IP of others, complete a Right-to-Use
Inquiry form.
Q
What if a supplier asks me to endorse its products or services?
If you receive an unsolicited idea for a future project from an external source you
A Unless Agilent’s contract with the supplier requires that the
should politely reject the submission and instead refer the submitter to Public
existence of the relationship be kept confidential, the supplier is
Suggestion for Agilent’s Consideration to protect our company from claims that an
free to include Agilent’s name in its list of customers. However,
unsolicited idea we receive is the source of a project we independently develop
our name may not be used in a way that suggests that we
ourselves. If you have any additional questions or concerns about the submission,
endorse the supplier, and Agilent’s trademarks may not be
refer to Legal Advisory 107.
used in a supplier’s or consultant’s advertising, promotional
materials, customer references or the like, without an appropriate
Endorsement Use license. This license requires the written
approval of the user entity’s VP or the appropriate local General
Manager and marketing manager, and when needed, consultation
with Agilent’s Trademark Counsel.
Table of Contents Resources 17Protecting Assets
3.4
Take Responsibility
Theft and Fraud
Misrepresentation, cheating, stealing and deception have no place in a company • Be a good steward of company assets and safeguard them from
that values integrity. Theft includes stealing physical assets that’s true, however, damage, loss, misuse and theft.
misrepresenting expenses on your expense reports and falsifying receipts is • Remember that company assets are company property and
considered stealing as well. Promptly report any suspected theft, loss or abuse of intended for business use.
company assets. We will investigate, and where appropriate, prosecute reported
• Be responsible in your use of electronic communications and
incidents of fraud or theft of our assets and we reserve the right to seek repayment
systems.
or restitution from those who steal.
• Speak out against any acts of theft or fraud.
Q I suspect that someone in my department is committing an act
• Learn more:
of fraud, but I do not have any real evidence to support it and
Information Security and Risk Management
honestly, I would rather not get involved…
Agilent Brand Identity System
A Speaking up is never easy, but it is always the right thing to
Agilent Security
do. You have an obligation to share your concern. Remember, a
violation, left unreported, can result in significant harm to our
company and everyone who works here.
Table of Contents Resources 18Communicating About Agilent
4.1 Speaking on Behalf of Agilent 4.1
4.2 Government Audits and Investigations
Speaking on Behalf of Agilent
4.3 Social Media
In order to ensure that accurate and complete information is conveyed to the pub-
lic, to regulatory authorities and to others, we have designated individuals to serve
as our official company spokespersons. Unless you are authorized to do so, do not
make any statements on Agilent’s behalf.
Refer all media inquiries and public requests for information (including questions
about—and requests for —financial performance) to Agilent’s public relations
contacts. Contact the Legal Department any time you have questions about
whether certain information can be used or disclosed publicly.
Q I have been contacted by a reporter requesting information about
a rumored acquisition. I have heard discussion in the office
about the deal, and passing along what I have heard would likely
boost Agilent’s stock price. Is it good idea to tell the reporter
what I know?
A No, unless you are an official spokesperson for our company,
you should not communicate with the reporter about the
rumored acquisition. The information you have may be incorrect
Every spoken, written or electronic communication we deliver has an
or incomplete and is best addressed by referring the reporter to
impact on Agilent’s reputation, brand and people. Each of us has an
Corporate Communications.
obligation to safeguard our company and our information by ensuring that
communications about our company are consistent, accurate and complete
and that sensitive information is protected from unauthorized disclosure.
Table of Contents Resources 19Communicating About Agilent
4.2 4.3
Audits, Investigations and Litigation Social Media
We also comply with requests for information by government and regulatory As a company, we respect your use of social media as a means for exchanging
agencies, as required by law, and cooperate fully with investigations. If you receive ideas and building relationships, but you have a responsibility to use good judgment
an inquiry from a government official or agency, promptly contact the Legal in your online activity and comply with all applicable laws (including those that
or Compliance departments for assistance. Do not provide information to any relate to copyright, trademark, fair use and financial disclosure).
governmental or other authority before obtaining permission to do so. If you are
If you are designated to speak on behalf of Agilent on social media, do so with
questioned as part of an investigation or audit, you have a duty to cooperate and
integrity and in compliance with company policies. Verify details—never make false
provide honest information in connection with an investigation, whether conducted
or unsubstantiated claims about our company and never violate the boundaries,
by external or internal investigators. You must:
terms, conditions or community guidelines set by each site, social network or
• Always provide truthful, accurate and complete information. community. If you are not authorized to speak on our behalf, and you write
something related to our business, make sure you identify yourself as an employee
• Never impede, obstruct or improperly influence an audit or investigation.
and state that your views are your own and not Agilent’s.
• Never lie or make false or misleading statements—whether in writing
or verbally.
• Never attempt to persuade someone else to provide false or misleading
information.
• Never destroy or alter documents or records following or in anticipation of a
request to turn them over.
Documents that initiate lawsuits or subpoenas in the United States involving Agilent
should be sent immediately to the Legal Department. Outside of the United States,
documents should be sent to the Agilent attorneys who support that specific
geographic area. If you are involved in a lawsuit or other legal dispute involving our
company, do not discuss it with either outsiders or other Agilent employees unless
you first receive approval from the Legal Department.
You are responsible for the content you publish online.
Table of Contents Resources 20Communicating About Agilent
You are responsible for the content you publish. Be careful not to:
Take Responsibility
• Disclose anything that could violate another employee’s right to personal privacy.
• Do not make any statements on behalf of Agilent unless you are
• Disclose confidential information about our company, our customers or third
specifically authorized to do so.
parties who conduct business with—or on behalf of—our company.
• Refer all inquiries and requests for information to the office
• Make unsubstantiated claims about our products.
designated to speak on the company’s behalf.
• Endorse our company’s products or services without permission.
• •Honor our commitment to cooperate fully with any government
Q I was online recently and did a search on our brand. The results requirements, audits or investigations.
pulled up a video I had never seen of a customer complaining
• •Be careful in how you communicate with others about our
about an experience he had with us. Is it okay to post a comment
company online and use online tools in a manner that is
to correct the customer’s misperception?
consistent with our policies.
A It’s okay, but take care and think before you post. Ideally, any • Learn more:
response should be planned and coordinated through your Social Media Policy
businesses’ established social media engagement process.
Any response should be provided in an open, honest, factual
and non-promotional way, with a tone that’s positive and
collaborative, not defensive or confrontational. Often, the right
response can move the conversation in a positive direction.
Table of Contents Resources 21The Marketplace
5.1 Competition and Antitrust Laws 5.1
5.2 Interactions with Resellers and
Competition and Antitrust Laws
Other Channel Partners
Competition and antitrust laws are aimed at preventing agreements and activities
5.3 Ethical Sales Practices and Marketing
that limit free trade and competition in the market. You must understand and
5.4 Interactions with Suppliers
comply with these laws wherever we do business and avoid conduct that might
5.5 Interactions with Healthcare Professionals
suggest a violation. Never enter into any agreement or understanding, whether
formal or informal, with a competitor, customer or supplier to:
• Raise, set or hold a price on our products or services (also known as
“price fixing”).
• Divide territories, markets or customers.
• Prevent a company from entering the market.
• Participate in any form of collusion to secure a predetermined bid price.
• Refuse to deal with a customer or supplier.
• Restrict production, sales or output.
• Coerce buyers to buy unwanted products by tying them to other products that
must be purchased together.
When dealing with reseller or other channel partners, you must never influence or
interfere with a reseller’s ability to set the price at which it offers our products or
We believe in a thriving marketplace with free, fair and open competition. services for sale.
Each of us must deal fairly with our customers, suppliers, resellers and
competitors and to sell our products and services on the basis of quality
and merit. We must promote positive business relationships everywhere
we operate and never take unfair advantage of others by misleading or
deceiving them.
Table of Contents Resources 22The Marketplace
Agilent maintains a comprehensive Agilent Antitrust and Competition Law 5.2
Compliance Manual, which provides guidance and examples to help employees
Interactions with Resellers and Other Channel Partners
understand and comply with these often complex requirements. If your job involves
Our resellers and channel partners often work collaboratively with us, serving
interaction with customers, resellers and other channel partners, or competitors,
as valuable partners in the delivery of not only our products and services, but
be sure to refer to and familiarize yourself with the manual and seek help from
also our brand. At the same time, we recognize that resellers are independent
the local Agilent attorney any time you have a question about how they apply to a
businesses, and agreements that restrict their activity may, in some cases, violate
particular business situation.
competition laws, particularly where those agreements control resale prices.
Q I ran into an old college friend at a trade show who works for one Agreements with resellers that are permitted under one country’s laws can be
of our competitors. She asked me how business was going. What forbidden under another’s.
should I do?
Consult the Legal Department before imposing limitations on resellers that could
A There is no problem with responding in a general, non-specific restrict their pricing decisions.
way to say that all is well, but keep your conversation high-level
In general, in the United States, we are selective in choosing our resellers. If we
and be aware that simply having a conversation with a competitor
decide not to conduct business with someone, we are not required to explain the
can give the appearance to others of something improper.
decision, and the best practice is not to do so.
Q The new guy on our team used to work for one of our
In other countries, notably in Europe, our options may be more limited. You
competitors. Is it okay to ask him about the new product
should not plan a selective distribution program or place any restrictions on
features that his company was developing right before he left?
resale networks without appropriate legal guidance.
A No, it is never appropriate to obtain information about our
competitors in this way. We have an obligation to gather
competitive information lawfully and ethically.
Table of Contents Resources 23The Marketplace
Be aware that it may be unlawful in both the United States and elsewhere 5.3
to offer different price structures or levels of promotional support to resellers
Ethical Sales Practices and Marketing
that compete with one another unless the differences fit within narrow legal
We must be fair, factual and complete in our marketing, sales and promotional
parameters. Again, seek guidance from the Legal Department when designing
materials. Always disclose material features, costs, terms and limitations for each
any marketing strategy that might result in different treatment for competing
product and service we offer. Never prohibit our customers or suppliers from dealing
resellers or when a particular reseller asks for non-standard pricing or assistance.
with any of our competitors as a condition of obtaining products and services from
You can find further information on our responsibilities when interacting with
Agilent, and never enter into tying arrangements where a customer is required—as
reseller or channel partners in Agilent Antitrust and Competition Law
a condition of purchasing one product—to have to purchase a second, distinct
Compliance Manual.
product. Although we are generally free to offer a package price for two or more
Q I was contacted by a distributor who sells not only our bundled products or services, sometimes it is necessary to make them available
products, but also a competitor’s products. He said that our separately, particularly if selling them only on a bundled basis would shut down market
competitor was planning to raise prices and asked if we were, opportunities for smaller competitors.
too. I didn’t know how to respond.
Be aware that any comparisons to competitive products or services must be
A The distributor’s question was inappropriate and likely, illegal. substantiated formally with current factual data before publication. In the European
Any conversation designed to establish or fix prices at a Union, comparisons must comply with the European Directive on Comparative
certain level (whether the conversation is with distributors, Advertising. Some countries have even stricter rules or may deem comparative claims
resellers or competitors) violates the law and our commitment unlawful. Consult with the Legal Department before including product or service
to competing fairly and honestly. The proper course of action comparisons in promotional communications or material to be used outside of the
would be to terminate the call and report the incident to the United States it they include product or service comparisons.
Legal Department immediately.
The promotion of medical devices and diagnostic products is subject to strict regulation
around the world. Product descriptions must always be fair, accurate and consistent
with product labeling. Promotional claims must be based on valid scientific evidence
and provide accurate, objective and complete information about the product. We must
never promote our products for uses that have not been approved by the appropriate
regulatory authority, if approval is required. Approved uses in one country may not
necessarily be approved in another; when in doubt contact Regulatory Affairs.
You must only use promotional materials that are current and have been reviewed
and approved through the regulatory and legal processes governing promotional
materials, and you must only promote products or applications that have received all
the necessary regulatory approvals in your market.
Table of Contents Resources 24The Marketplace
5.4 In general you are not obliged to deal with all potential suppliers. Nor are you
required to award business to a supplier based solely on the lowest price or
Interactions with Suppliers
the fact that the supplier is also a customer. Avoid procurement decisions that
Our relationships with suppliers are of great strategic importance. We honor all of
could appear to be based on personal favoritism or other factors unrelated to the
our contractual obligations and require that suppliers, in turn, adhere to the Agilent
Agilent’s best interests. Decisions should instead reflect your best judgment about
Supplier Code of Conduct. Our Code of Conduct requires suppliers to adopt sound
a supplier’s technology, quality, responsiveness and delivery capabilities as well as
environmental, health and safety management practices and incorporates eight
cost. The supplier’s financial stability, environmental performance and track record
International Labour Organization (ILO) Conventions that have been identified as
are other factors that should be considered. In the US actively seek out qualified
fundamental to the rights of human beings at work. Agilent has programs in place
small, minority-owned, veteran-owned and women-owned suppliers as defined in
to monitor our suppliers’ conformance with the Code of Conduct.
Agilent’s Supplier Diversity Program.
If you manage or work with suppliers as part of your job, use common sense,
Suppliers who participate in the formal bidding process should expect to be treated
good judgment and the highest standards of integrity in your dealings with them.
fairly and to have their bids evaluated objectively against other qualified bidders.
As a company, we may be responsible for certain acts of third parties who work
You have an obligation to follow the procedures defined by Agilent’s procurement
with—or on behalf of—our company, so exercise due diligence to ensure that
processes and to be consistent in your messaging to bidders.
they understand their contractual obligations, operate ethically and comply with
all applicable laws and regulations. These include laws relating to anti-bribery and In other, less formal purchasing situations, there is greater flexibility, but no less
anticorruption, conflict minerals and human trafficking. accountability—we have an obligation to comply with the procurement process we
have defined and to negotiate with integrity.
Unless there is an agreement in place that directs otherwise, we have no
contractual obligation to treat suppliers’ prices as confidential, but we do have an
ethical obligation to do so. You may not share pricing information with any Agilent
subcontractor or third party without written approval from the supplier.
You may ask suppliers for their best prices for materials and services that Agilent
uses or incorporates into our products, but if you buy a product that Agilent resells
without substantial added value, U.S. law may prohibit receiving a discriminatory
We may be responsible for the acts of third parties who work price. Consult the Legal Department if you are purchasing products for resale and
on our behalf. are offered a non-standard price.
You should also consult the Legal Department before entering into a group
purchasing agreement with Agilent competitors that would control prices to be paid
by the members of the group.
Table of Contents Resources 25The Marketplace
5.5
Take Responsibility
Interactions with Healthcare Professionals
Our interactions with healthcare professionals must always be guided by the highest • Comply with antitrust laws and do your part to promote positive
levels of integrity and ethics. Healthcare professionals are those individuals or business relationships and fair business practices.
entities involved in providing healthcare services or products to patients or any who • Treat our customers fairly and work to achieve a competitive
recommend, purchase, use, prescribe, or arrange for the purchase or use of our advantage through superior products and services, never through
products. The primary responsibility of healthcare professionals is to act in the best unethical or illegal business practices.
interests of the patient.
• Demonstrate your commitment to ethical sales practices and
Our interactions with healthcare professionals are highly regulated by governments advertising.
around the world and violations can result in severe penalties. Although regulations • Avoid discussions with competitors that could suggest an
can vary country by country, there are some standards that apply universally: agreement that limits full and open competition.
• Never offer a healthcare professional anything that could be perceived as an • Deal ethically, honestly and transparently with resellers and
attempt to inappropriately influence his or her decision to purchase, use or suppliers.
recommend our products. This includes non-compliant expansion of product claims.
• Promote the safety of our products and of those who use them.
• Consult company policies and local laws before providing healthcare professionals
• Work toward continuous improvement of our products and
with anything of value, including gifts, meals, entertainment or travel.
processes and follow our company’s policies and procedures if you
• If engaging a healthcare professional, ensure that the remuneration is become aware of any customer complaints.
proportionate to the services delivered, consistent with fair market value and
• Conduct research and development with integrity and in compliance
kept transparent.
with all applicable laws, regulations and industry standards.
If your job requires you to interact with a healthcare professional, be sure • Make sure your interactions with healthcare professionals are
to understand and follow the particular laws and rules that apply to those
aligned with our policies.
interactions, and to seek advice from the Legal Department when you are not sure
• Learn more:
of your obligations.
Agilent Antitrust Compliance Manual
Guidelines for Substantiating Advertising Claims
Interactions with healthcare professionals are highly regulated
by governments around the world. Procurement Policy
US Healthcare Compliance Code
Table of Contents Resources 26Safety and Product Quality
6.1 Safety First 6.1
6.2 Research Standards
Safety First
6.3 Quality and Regulatory Standards
We are committed to delivery of high-quality, safe and reliable products, so we
6.4 Other Life Sciences Industry Standards
take steps to ensure they consistently meet or exceed the standards set forth in
our Quality Policy as well as applicable global quality manufacturing standards.
You have a responsibility to comply with quality management system (QMS)
processes as well as any relevant external quality standards and regulations. More
information can be found on our website.
We are also committed to continuous improvement of our products and processes.
We maintain a post-market surveillance and vigilance system to analyze, evaluate,
monitor and control the risk of adverse events and malfunctions that could lead to
adverse events related to our products, and we study feedback from our customers
about product performance.
We honor the commitment we make to customers, users of our products and
business partners. If you become aware of a customer complaint or a quality,
safety or reliability issue, immediately report it following the applicable QMS
process and report the issue to your local quality representative or Corporate
Quality. Please report the issue immediately even if you are unsure if it constitutes
a complaint. Refer to our No Compromise on Quality Standard and our Product
Our work in the life sciences industry not only helps grow our company, but
Safety Event Reporting Standard for more information.
also helps grow our reputation as a company that consumers and business
partners trust and respect. We put safety first, never compromising on
product quality or compliance with the laws and regulatory requirements
that govern our industry.
Table of Contents Resources 27Safety and Product Quality
6.2 With regard to animal care:
Research Standards • Engage in animal care and production only if trained to do so.
Many lives are touched by our products, from the consumer of safe food, to • Follow all relevant laws and regulations on animal care.
the athlete subject to testing for banned substances, to instrument operators
• Comply with our company’s high standards of care for animals used in
generating data for use in clinical diagnostics. Product research and development
production. Seek to minimize discomfort, distress and pain for the animals
is conducted with integrity and the highest ethical standards according to
involved.
international guidelines.
• Speak to your manager if you have any concerns about animal welfare.
In conducting research:
• Comply with quality systems and design control process requirements. 6.3
• Communicate honestly and keep good records—never falsify, fabricate or Quality and Regulatory Standards
misrepresent data.
Our compliance with international standards developed by independent third
parties and the certifications we make to these standards further demonstrate
• Welcome new ideas and criticism and share data, results and resources.
our commitment to quality and safety. We certify to Agilent Quality Management
• Critically examine your own work and the work of your colleagues. Give credit System ISO 9001, the related Medical Devices Quality Management System ISO
and proper acknowledgment for all contributions to research. 13485, and applicable international product safety and regulatory regulations
(including those that relate to electrical and mechanical safety).
• Never plagiarize and never use unpublished data, methods or results
without permission. We also comply with regulations regarding ionizing radiation, x-ray emissions,
electromagnetic emissions, radio frequency compatibility and the safety of
In clinical research and trials:
our chemical and biological products. Agilent is subject to inspection or audit
• Engage in trials only if doing so is part of your job and you have received the regarding these standards and regulations, and it is important that our product
requisite training. design, manufacturing, testing and supplier management practices adhere to the
requirements. Make sure you are familiar and comply with the standards that apply
• Make sure that trial subjects’ rights, safety and integrity are protected as
to your business.
required by global privacy requirements, and follow company procedures as they
relate to data handling, protection and disclosure.
• Comply with Clinical Trial process and procedures.
• Retain clinical data in accordance with applicable law.
Table of Contents Resources 28Safety and Product Quality
6.4
Take Responsibility
Other Life Sciences Industry Standards
• Promote the safety of our products and of those who use them.
We operate in a highly regulated industry where national and local requirements
can be far-reaching and complex. Compliance with these standards helps us • Work toward continuous improvement of our products and
maintain the trust we have built with all of our stakeholders. Some of the U.S. laws processes and follow our company’s policies and procedures if you
that govern the life sciences industry include the Health Insurance Portability and become aware of any customer complaints.
Accountability Act (HIPAA), the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) • Conduct research and development with integrity and in compliance
and the Anti-Kickback Statute (AKS). Our internal policies and procedures help
with all applicable laws, regulations and industry standards.
to ensure compliance not only with these laws, but with all applicable laws and
• Know and comply with the policies and procedures that apply to
regulations. Again, make sure you are familiar and comply with the standards that
your work to ensure seamless compliance with all applicable legal
apply to your business to ensure we meet our legal and ethical obligations.
and regulatory statutes.
• Learn more:
Quality Policy
Quality Brochure
Table of Contents Resources 29International Business
7.1 Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption Laws 7.1
7.2 International Trade
Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption Laws
7.3 Boycotts
We do not tolerate bribery in any form, whether dealing with government officials or
representatives of non-governmental commercial organizations. Never offer, pay, promise
to pay, or agree to accept or accept anything of value, either directly or indirectly,
in exchange for obtaining or continuing business or an improper advantage. Agilent
maintains a Global Anti-corruption Policy, which details our position and expectations
surrounding corrupt practices.
A bribe can take many forms including a payment, a gift, a favor, a job, a kickback or
an offer of entertainment or travel. Even a charitable or political contribution could be
considered a bribe if offered to influence a decision on our behalf. Regardless of local
practice or the practices of other companies, make sure you avoid even the appearance
of anything improper.
Q A long-time, trusted vendor offers you a commission in exchange for
securing an annual contract for his company. Is there any problem with this?
A Yes, a “commission” for doing business is another word for kickback
or a bribe, both of which are unethical and potentially illegal.
In addition to our own actions, we may be responsible for certain acts of our agents,
partners, consultants and other third parties and are liable for any corrupt payments
As a company that operates in the global marketplace, we are subject
or other bribes they offer on our behalf. That is why it is critical that we know who we
to numerous international laws, regulations and restrictions. We must are working with, the business practices they employ and the reputation they have for
understand our responsibility to know and comply with the legal and operating honestly and ethically.
contractual requirements as they apply to our work in the countries in
We are subject to the laws of multiple countries as they relate to bribery and improper
which we do business. Since these laws can be complex, we should
payments, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the U.K. Bribery
seek guidance anytime we have questions. Act, both of which have global reach and worldwide implications. So it is critical that you
know, understand and comply with the statutory, regulatory and contractual provisions
that govern the work you do and ensure your business conduct is above reproach.
Violations of these laws can result in lawsuits, substantial fines, and even jail time. If you
see or suspect something improper, share your concerns.
Table of Contents Resources 30International Business
7.2 7.3
International Trade Boycotts
We recognize that our ability to conduct business internationally is a privilege, not We comply with U.S. anti-boycott laws and prohibit participation in or promotion of
a right, and that violations of import and export laws can significantly impact our boycotts that the United States does not support. If you receive a request to comply
operations. If you are involved in the movement of products, services, information with a foreign boycott (or a request to supply boycott-related information), contact
or technology across international borders, make sure you know and comply not Global Trade to determine the appropriate course of action.
only with U.S. trade law, but also the trade laws and regulations associated with
the countries with which you do business. Be aware that the laws of more than one
country may apply in cross-border transactions.
Take Responsibility
Abide by:
• All applicable customs, procedures, regulations and laws as they relate to • Comply with anti-bribery and anticorruption laws wherever you do
importing products or technology, taking care to accurately describe, classify and business.
state the value of goods and the country of origin. • Do not offer or accept bribes or allow others to bribe on your behalf.
• All export control laws, which apply not only to shipments of our products and • If you have knowledge or suspicion of corrupt activity, report it
technologies, but also to transfers of information via download or transport during immediately.
travel whether you carry by hand or by baggage.
• Know and comply with all import and export laws, regulations and
We do not transact business with countries that are subject to U.S. trade embargoes restrictions in the country (or countries) where you work, as well as
or economic sanctions. All partners in business transactions must be screened against the trade embargoes and economic sanctions of the United States.
the Agilent Restricted Parties List (RPL). Check with Global Trade to ensure compli- • Notify Global Trade of any boycott-related requests.
ance, and do your part to ensure the integrity of our supply chain by communicating
• Learn more:
our policies to agents, contractors and others who conduct business on our behalf.
Global Trade Policy
Ensure the integrity of our supply chain.
Table of Contents Resources 31Gifts and Entertainment
8.1 What You May Accept 8.1
8.2 What You May Give
What You May Accept
8.3 Government Employees
In general, business meals, entertainment and other courtesies can be part of normal
business interactions and are appropriate if accepted using good business judgment.
Specifically, in most parts of the world, on an infrequent or occasional basis, an
employee may accept meals, entertainment and gifts of reasonable value.
At all times, we expect employees to use good judgment and to avoid situations in
which their loyalty may be divided between their own interests and the interests of
Agilent. Employees must avoid even the appearance of impropriety. This means that
an employee may be required to turn down meals, entertainment or gifts if accepting
any of them could unduly influence an employee’s decision making or would create
an improper appearance, even if what is being offered is wof reasonable value. In
general, you may accept only when the offer:
• Is infrequent
• Is consistent with generally accepted ethical standards and business practices
• Is for the express purpose of furthering a business relationship and could not be
construed as a bribe or kickback
• Complies with the law as well as the company policy of the giver.
We conduct business with integrity and make sound business judgments
on Agilent’s behalf, free of any influence that could affect our decision- It is never appropriate to solicit gifts, meals or entertainment or to promise a business
making. The occasional offer of gifts and entertainment is often viewed decision in return for an offer.
as an ordinary part of doing business, but we recognize that it is
unacceptable when it creates a sense of obligation, compromises our
professional judgment or gives the appearance that it might.
Table of Contents Resources 32Gifts and Entertainment
If you are unsure about whether you may accept any business meal or 8.2
entertainment, disclose the situation to your manager, who will determine its
What You May Give
acceptability. You may not accept payment or reimbursement of travel expenses
As set out above, business meals, entertainment and other courtesies can be
from one of our suppliers, customers or resellers without written approval from a VP
part of normal business interactions and are appropriate if provided using good
or the appropriate local General Manager.
business judgment. Specifically, in most parts of the world, on an infrequent or
Q A potential supplier to Agilent has invited me to attend a occasional basis, an employee may provide meals, entertainment and gifts of
conference and has offered to pay for my lodging and meals. Can reasonable value, subject to the specific limits set forth in Agilent policies.
I accept the offer?
At all times, we expect employees to use good judgment and to avoid situations in
A If you are going to the conference as an attendee, you may which a business meal, entertainment or gift could be seen as having inappropri-
not accept free travel (e.g., airfare, train fare) or lodging from ate influence over a customer’s decision to purchase Agilent products. Employees
the supplier. If Agilent feels that there is a business reason for must avoid even the appearance of impropriety. This means that you must not
you to attend this event, Agilent will pay the costs associated offer meals, entertainment or gifts if providing any of them could unduly influence
with attendance. You may, however, accept a waiver of the a customer’s decision or would create an improper appearance, even if what is
conference fee, if offered to encourage your attendance. being offered is within the value limits set forth in Agilent’s policies.
Employees may accept meals that are included in the cost of
attendance and which are provided to all other attendees (for Make sure any offers of promotional items, business meals or entertainment:
example, lunch during which there is a lunchtime speaker or a • Are infrequent
networking cocktail hour). You also may participate in reasonable
• Are consistent with generally accepted ethical standards and business practices
after-hour leisure activities offered to all conference participants.
• Are for the express purpose of furthering a business relationship and could not
Additionally, employees may be permitted to accept meals and
be construed as a bribe or kickback; and
entertainment offered by the current or potential supplier to a
limited number of individuals attending the conference, provided • Comply with the law as well as the company policy of the recipient.
that the value of what is offered is reasonable in the context of
the event and your attendance does not create an appearance of Accurate recordkeeping is part of our gift and entertainment policy. Anything you
impropriety. give in connection with your job must be transparent and recorded accurately in
our company books and records.
Table of Contents Resources 33Gifts and Entertainment
One of my customers just got married. Would it be okay to send We would like to provide a complimentary dinner to all
Q Q
him a card and an inexpensive gift? attendees on the last night of an industry conference Agilent is
sponsoring. Could that pose a problem for attendees who are
A In most cases, this would be okay, but there may be some government officials?
circumstances under which it would not be appropriate. For example,
a gift of cash (or cash equivalent, like a gift card) would never be A Yes, the rules for providing meals to government officials are very
okay. It would also be inappropriate to send a gift if doing so would strict. Before making plans that involve a complimentary meal
violate your customer’s gift policy. The best course of action, always, (or any other gift or form of hospitality or entertainment) for a
is to review our policy and to ask questions in advance. government official, contact Compliance.
Q Is there any problem with providing a catered lunch during a team For government officials outside of the U.S., laws related to gift-giving in various
meeting with one of our customers? countries vary. If your work involves interactions with non-U.S. government officials,
which includes employees of state-owned enterprises, it is critical that you know
A No, as long as it complies with the value limits set forth in our and comply with anti-bribery and anticorruption laws in the countries in which you
policy and it is not offered to individuals who are not permitted
do business. In all cases, never give anything of value for the purpose of improperly
to accept such a gift (such as healthcare professionals and
influencing an official decision. Remember, anything permitted under our policies
government officials).
must be transparent and recorded accurately in our company books and records.
8.3
Government Employees
Take Responsibility
Government employees may be subject to requirements stricter than other
customers. For example in the US there are very strict rules for what you may offer • Know the rules when it comes to giving or accepting gifts, meals
federal government employees, including members of Congress and their staffs. In and entertainment.
many cases, U.S. government contractors and state and local governments have
• Do not give anything of value to government officials without
similar restrictions. It is your responsibility to know and comply with our Customer
receiving approval in advance from Compliance.
Related Expense Policy and the policies of customers with whom you deal.
• Be accurate and complete in your recordkeeping and comply with
There may be certain circumstances where it is acceptable to offer low-priced pro- all internal controls, policies and procedures as they relate to
motional items such as Agilent-branded pens, coffee mugs or calendars to govern- accepting or giving gifts and entertainment.
ment officials, but even this type of activity must be monitored closely to ensure strict
• Learn more:
compliance with the law. If you are contemplating the offer of anything of value,
Customer Related Expense Policy
discuss it with Compliance in advance.
Table of Contents Resources 34US Government Contracting
9.1 Doing Business with the Government 9.1
9.2 Procurement Integrity
Doing Business with the Government
We are proud that the U.S. government is one of our customers and we perform
our federal contracts in compliance with all applicable government contracting
laws and regulations. If you serve our government clients, you are responsible
for understanding the unique legal requirements and restrictions associated with
this work. Transparency, accountability and openness are fundamental in not only
winning, but also retaining, our government business.
Agilent Government Contracts is your resource for information about the federal
procurement process and government contracting requirements. Leverage this
resource to ensure that all certifications, representations, reports, data and
other statements are accurate, current and complete and that all contractual
requirements are met.
The risks of non-compliance are great and can result in criminal, civil and
administrative penalties for Agilent and for you. Honor the commitment we have
made to operating honestly, ethically and with integrity in all aspects of the
government contracting process.
As a company that participates in the U.S. government contracting arena,
we understand our obligation to know, understand and comply with the
procurement laws and regulations that apply to our work, recognizing that
the requirements are generally much stricter than those governing our
commercial contracts. We work to be a responsible partner and conduct
ourselves with the highest standards of both legal and ethical conduct.
Table of Contents Resources 35Government Contracting
9.2 Remember, if you are engaged in the government procurement arena at Agilent,
you play an important role in preserving the integrity of the process. Respect
Procurement Integrity
and comply with the laws and be alert to abuses of the system. If you ever have
Promoting procurement integrity is not just a good business practice, it is the law.
questions or concerns, seek help.
Under the Procurement Integrity Act, we are prohibited from:
• Seeking confidential information or source selection information before a
Take Responsibility
contract is awarded.
• Obtaining, using or attempting to obtain or use another contractor’s bid or • Do your part to maintain procurement integrity.
proposal information, such as cost or pricing data or proprietary information.
• Do not discuss employment or business opportunities with agency
procurement officials.
We are also prohibited from discussing employment or business opportunities with
agency procurement officials. There are very specific rules that must be observed • Learn more:
in recruiting or hiring former (or current) government employees, either as Agilent Government Contracts
company employees or consultants. These rules vary according to the employee’s
employment status, job responsibilities, the business relationship the individual had
(or has) with our company and how long it has been since he or she worked for
the government. If you are contemplating the recruitment of a U.S. government
employee for work with Agilent—or if you are approached by a government
employee asking for work—contact Agilent Government Contracts.
It is also a violation of the law to offer or give gratuities or anything of value to any
agency procurement official. Make sure you understand the restrictions on gift-
giving and comply with anti-bribery laws.
You Play an important role in preserving the integrity of the
government procurement process.
Table of Contents Resources 36Accuracy in Recordkeeping
10.1 Financial Integrity 10.1
10.2 Anti-money Laundering
Financial Integrity
10.3 Records Management
We require that all company books and records accurately reflect our transactions,
comply with policy, procedural and legal requirements, and adhere to U.S. and
local Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). If you are involved in any
aspect of our accounting or financial reporting processes, make sure you adhere to
these rules:
• Follow all internal processes, controls and accounting principles, ensuring that
our records accurately and fairly reflect all transactions.
• Be accurate, honest and complete in all aspects of recordkeeping including:
accounting records, financial statements, expense reports, time sheets, purchase
orders, sales invoices, etc.
• Do not establish any undisclosed or unrecorded funds, liabilities or assets for any
purpose.
• Never falsify or mischaracterize any book, record, account or transaction that
relates to our business.
• Correctly and consistently assign costs to the proper project number, contract
number, name or identifier, as appropriate.
The integrity of our company books and records is critical to our future
• Do not make any payment—regardless of form—on Agilent’s behalf without
success and to maintaining the trust of our stockholders, customers and
adequate supporting documentation and required approval. If you are a manager,
business partners. Each of us has an obligation to follow all internal
this includes the review and approval of an employee’s expense report.
controls in recording and maintaining Agilent’s company books and
• Apply payments received from customers properly (including all supporting
records. In every transaction, whether we are filing an expense report,
documentation) and verify any communications, whether written or verbal.
preparing a financial statement or simply completing a time sheet, we are
honest, accurate and complete.
Table of Contents Resources 37Accuracy in Recordkeeping
• Never lie or make false or misleading statements—whether in writing or in 10.2
speaking—to anyone
Money Laundering
• Protect, store and dispose information in accordance with legal requirements and
Money laundering is an attempt by individuals or organizations to hide or disguise
our internal records management policies.
the proceeds of criminal activity (such as fraud, terrorism, drug dealing, illegal
• Cooperate with all reasonable requests for information from government arms trade, corruption, human trafficking, etc.) through a series of otherwise
and regulatory agencies and cooperate fully with any government audits or legitimate business transactions. Do your part to prevent misconduct—know your
investigations. customers and partners, understand their use of our products and services, and be
• Protect confidential information, disclosing it only to those who are authorized to alert for any financial transactions that may suggest anything illegal.
see it and only if you are authorized to do so.
Be aware that no matter where transactions originate, our company abides by
the rules of the strictest jurisdiction in which we operate. Follow our internal
Q I saw a coworker sign off on an inspection report when he hadn’t
procedures to obtain, record and verify the identity of those with whom we
actually done the inspection. What should I do?
conduct business and monitor their activities on an ongoing basis. Make sure you
A You should speak up about what you saw. Signing off on the know the kinds of transactions and activities that require increased monitoring.
report when he had not actually done the inspection would be a Some examples of questionable transactions include large payments in cash,
form of falsifying records and is never appropriate. unusual fund transfers to or from foreign countries, requests to transfer funds to or
from countries that are not related to the transaction or the customer, or changes
Commission or fee arrangements must be made only under written agreements
in the pattern of a customer’s transactions. Report any suspicious activity to
with bona fide commercial distributors, sales representatives, agents or consultants.
Agilent’s Compliance Hotline.
Any commission or fee for assistance in securing orders must be reasonable
and consistent with local laws and normal practice for the industry, the products Q I work in accounting and recently noticed a number of invoices
involved and the services to be rendered. Certain sales practices are strictly generated by a coworker that were much higher than the
prohibited because they violate our commitment to conducting business honestly amount billed. I need to report that, right?
and ethically. For example, we do not allow concessions, side agreements or
letters, amended sales documents or future roadmap commitments. A Yes, this discrepancy could be connected to illegal activity.
Even if it’s not, the discrepancy should be immediately
addressed and corrected.
Table of Contents Resources 38Accuracy in Recordkeeping
10.3
Take Responsibility
Records Management
• Make sure any entries you make in Agilent’s books and records are
The responsible creation, storage, maintenance and disposal of records is important
accurate, honest and complete.
in helping us maintain financial integrity and meet our legal, tax and regulatory
requirements. Retain all company records as described in our Policy and General • Never knowingly facilitate money laundering—take steps to
Retention Schedule and store them in approved storage locations. Records prevent inadvertent use of our resources for this purpose.
that have met their retention requirements and are not subject to a document
• Immediately report any unusual or suspicious transactions or
preservation requirement or legal hold should be properly destroyed.
activities.
I was cleaning out my file cabinet and found records from a • Comply with our policies as they relate to records management,
Q
project we finished years ago. Can I throw them away? retention and destruction.
• Do not dispose of any information that is subject to a legal hold
A It depends. Before discarding, check the General Retention
until you are authorized by the Legal Department to do so.
Schedule to make sure the retention period has expired.
• Learn more:
If you receive notification that you possess records relevant to a lawsuit, Agilent Records & Information Management Site
investigation or audit, follow the guidelines outlined in that notification. Do not
destroy, alter or conceal any documents (including computer files, emails and disks)
that may be relevant to litigation or subject to a legal hold until you are authorized
to do so by the Legal Department.
Table of Contents Resources 39Equal Employment Opportunity
11.1 Anti-harassment, Anti-discrimination 11.1
11.2 Compliance with Labor Laws
Anti-discrimination, Anti-harassment
We prohibit unlawful harassment and discrimination on the basis of an individual’s
race, ethnicity, creed, color, religion, ancestry, gender, gender identity or expression,
national origin, citizenship, genetic information, sexual orientation, marital status,
pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition, veteran status, age, disability, or
other characteristics protected by law (collectively, “protected characteristics”).
This commitment is reflected in all of our employment practices, including decisions
about recruiting, hiring, training, promotions, pay and benefits. Employment
decisions are administered without regard to protected characteristics and instead
are based on Agilent’s legitimate business needs and an individual’s qualifications
as they relate to his or her job, subject to collective bargaining agreements, where
applicable
Q I was recently passed over for a promotion for which I was highly
qualified. The person who got the job is a different race and
younger than me. Could that be discrimination?
A Generally, there are multiple legitimate business factors that
Agilent Technologies is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. These
go into making hiring and promotion decisions. Not all of those
are more than just words; they are an integral part of our core values. They
factors will be obvious to all applicants. If you feel you have
reflect the value emphasis the company places on diversity and inclusion
been discriminated against in the promotion process, use the
and the unique perspectives and contributions of every employee. Agilent Open Door process to raise your concerns. In the U.S., contact
counts on each of us to support a workplace where everyone is treated with a Management Support Consultant. Outside of the U.S., contact
dignity, courtesy and respect. your local HR manager so that your concerns may be investigated.
Table of Contents Resources 40Equal Employment Opportunity
Agilent’s commitment to creating and maintaining a respectful workplace 11.2
extends beyond minimum legal requirements. As employees, we are expected
Compliance with Labor Laws
to treat everyone with whom we come into contact at Agilent with dignity,
Agilent’s core values and culture reflect a commitment to ethical business practices
respect and courtesy. For example, abusive language, demeaning words
and good corporate citizenship wherever we operate in the world. As a company,
or actions, aggressive acts and disorderly conduct as well as threats and
we acknowledge and respect the fundamental principles contained in the Universal
intimidation, should be reported promptly whether they are directed at you or at
Declaration of Human Rights, and our policies and practices reflect our commitment to
someone else.
promote human rights within the company’s sphere of influence.
Our harassment-free workplace policy extends to our suppliers, customers and
We source components and assemblies for our products from suppliers in different
anyone who does business with us and applies in both work-related settings
countries around the world, each with its own laws and regulations. We are committed
and work-sponsored activities.
to respecting human rights throughout our global supply chain and do not knowingly
Q My manager often loses his temper and yells at all the people conduct business with any individual or company that participates in the exploitation of
on the team when we miss our project deadline. Is that children (including child labor), physical punishment, forced labor or human trafficking.
harassment?
We expect that anyone who conducts business on our behalf will operate ethically,
A Yelling certainly creates a negative work environment, but in compliance with the law and in a manner that is consistent with the SBC and our
it may not be considered harassment under the law. Even if policies. We periodically audit our suppliers to ensure compliance with
the behavior does not rise to the level of illegal harassment, these expectations.
however, it will likely violate the Agilent Employee Harassment
Policy since your manager is failing to treat employees with
dignity, respect and courtesy. Share your concerns with your Take Responsibility
Management Support Consultant or business HR manager.
• Treat others with respect and dignity.
If you experience or witness any form of discrimination or harassment, report • You are entitled to work in an environment free from intimidating,
it immediately. hostile or offensive behavior that is subject to legal protection. Not
every offensive or critical comment meets those requirements. If
you are uncomfortable, please report it immediately.
• Ensure that you conduct business in a manner that supports and
respects human rights and do not do business with those who don’t.
• Learn more:
Agilent Human Rights
Supplier Code of Conduct
Table of Contents Resources 41A Safe Workplace
12.1 Preventing Accidents and Injuries 12.1
12.2 A Violence-free Workplace
Preventing Accidents and Injuries
12.3 Substance Abuse
Promote a safety culture at Agilent. Complete all training requirements to help
reduce the risk of occupational hazards in the workplace, and be familiar with
the locations of fire extinguishers, emergency exits and first aid kits. Know the
procedures for evacuating buildings in case of emergency and for reporting an
injury or illness. Also, be alert to and aware of what is going on around you, follow
all safety and security processes and speak up if you witness any safety hazards,
property damage or personal injuries.
We have security measures in place to promote safety and security and to control
access to our facilities. Comply with the policies and procedures in effect at
your facility, and if you see or suspect that someone has breached our security
measures, report it immediately.
As a company that values the safety and security of every employee, Agilent
is committed to keeping everyone in our workplace safe and free from injury
and illness on the job. There is an insistence on maintaining healthy working
conditions and strict safety practices. As employees, we take an active role
in ensuring our own safety and the safety of others by complying with all
workplace safety requirements.
Promote a safety culture at Agilent.
Table of Contents Resources 42A Safe Workplace
12.2 12.3
A Violence-free Workplace Substance Abuse
We have zero-tolerance for actions that threaten or have the potential to threaten Substance abuse can negatively affect job performance, create safety hazards
the safety of our employees, customers, suppliers or others in our workplace. We and put you, your coworkers and others at risk. We prohibit the unauthorized use,
rely on you to report promptly any violent or potentially violent acts, including possession, distribution, purchase or sale of drugs or alcohol while on company
behavior that: property, company time or at company-sponsored events.
• Is verbally threatening or intimidating. There may be instances where drinking alcoholic beverages while conducting
• Suggests the destruction of company property. company business is permitted, but make sure you comply with all laws and
company policies, exercise moderation and ensure your performance and
• Threatens the use of firearms, bombs or weapons.
judgment are not impaired; never operate any machinery or vehicles when under
Subject to applicable local laws, weapons and other dangerous devices are the influence of any (non-prescribed) drugs or alcohol or when your judgment is
prohibited at all times on Agilent property, including the parking lot and in impaired in any way.
company-owned vehicles.
If you have questions or concerns about our Substance Abuse Policy contact HR
We promptly investigate all reported incidents, take appropriate disciplinary action check the EH&S Site.
and support criminal prosecution in appropriate cases
Take Responsibility
• Promote a safe workplace—know and follow basic safety rules and
report any unsafe conditions.
• Speak up regarding any breaches of security at our facilities.
• Contact your manager or EHS representative if you are unsure
about the training requirements that apply to you or your position.
• Report any hate-related conduct or threats of workplace violence.
• Know and abide by our policies on weapons, drugs and alcohol in
the workplace.
• Learn more:
EH&S Site
Agilent Security
Table of Contents Resources 43Social and Environmental Responsibilities
13.1
13.1 Charitable and Political Activities
13.2 Environmental Compliance Charitable and Political Activities
We support and encourage your personal involvement in charitable and political
activities on a volunteer basis. In general, you must do so on your own time at
your own expense, making sure your service is lawful and consistent with our
policies. Agilent does provide up to 4 hours per month paid time for employee
volunteerism (with management approval). Unless you receive approval in
advance, do not use or donate Agilent funds or assets (including facilities,
equipment or trademarks) for any charitable or political endeavor.
As a company, we may not use corporate funds or assets for U.S. federal political
contributions. Although it is legally acceptable for a company to establish an
independent entity that solicits individual contributions from its employees to
support selected candidates in federal campaigns, Agilent has chosen not to do
so. In the United States, the company may make contributions to support state
candidates and state and local ballot measures only when approved by Corporate
Relations. Agilent employees who make personal contributions to state candidates
or to support state ballot measures must report their contributions to Corporate
We value our place in the global community and are committed to
Relations in order for Agilent to comply with state procurement rules. Employees
conducting business in an ethical, socially responsible and environmentally
outside of the U.S. should consult their local Legal or Corporate Relations
sustainable manner. Agilent’s Citizenship Objective is to be an economic, representative to understand any local restrictions on political contributions.
intellectual and social asset to each nation and community in which we
operate. As employees, we actively participate in the company’s efforts to
make our world a better, healthier and more sustainable place to live.
Table of Contents Resources 44Social and Environmental Responsibilities
We may not use Agilent funds for political contributions outside of the United States, 13.2
even where permitted by local law, unless cleared by the Legal Department and
Environmental Compliance
Corporate Relations.
We strive to conduct business in an environmentally responsible manner and are
Q A friend of mine is running for political office. She asked if I committed to compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations.
would endorse her at an upcoming rally after work hours. Is that a Comply with all laws, policies, permits and regulations as they relate to protecting
problem? the environment, conserving energy and natural resources and reducing the
environmental impact of our operations around the world.
A No, just make sure that the endorsement is made on your behalf,
not Agilent’s. You can make a difference every day:
• Reduce your consumption of water and energy
• Recycle whenever possible
Q An Agilent co-worker is participating in a fun run for a local
• Limit printing to conserve paper
nonprofit and asked if I would sponsor him. Is that okay?
• Report any actual or potential environmental hazard
A Yes, sponsoring your coworker using your own funds is no
problem. Sponsorship through Agilent funds or use of the Agilent
OneCard for this purpose would need to be approved in advance by
Corporate Relations. Take Responsibility
• Do not make any charitable or political contributions (directly or
indirectly) using company funds, property, time or other resources.
• If you become aware of a dangerous or hazardous environmental
condition, report the situation immediately.
• Learn more:
Environmental Policy
Table of Contents Resources 45Resources
Legal Department
http://legal.agilent.com/asklegal.shtm
Compliance
helpline.legal-compliance@agilent.com
Global Human Resources
http://www.hr.agilent.com/yellowpages/index_ab_selectgeo.asp
The Compliance Hotline
http://www.agilent.com/about/compliance/hotline.html
Agilent Security
http://wps.service.agilent.com/global_security/index.html
Agilent Environmental Health and Safety
http://wps.service.agilent.com/global_ehs/index.htm
www.agilent.com
This information is subject to change
without notice.
© Agilent Technologies, Inc., 2015
Published in USA, June 8, 2015
Publication Number 5991-5754EN