Delivering on
our Promises
2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report
1Table of contents
Letter from the President 5
About Agilent Technologies 8
Mission, promise, core values 10
Our One Agilent culture 11
Our Sustainability statement 13
Sustainability guiding principles 13
Specific Agilent actions 13
Agilent during COVID-19 15
Our approach to COVID-19 15
Stories from COVID-19 18
14 employees caught between 2 COVID-19
lockdowns: Singapore and Malaysia
Business operations 22
Product environmental management 22
Materials declaration requirements 22
Information security approach 22
Business growth 23
Supply chain 24
Materiality assessments and
the UN Sustainable Development Goals 26
ESG responsibilities 26
Agilent and the UN Sustainable
Development Goals 29
Stories from COVID-19 30
Superior customer service in spite of
COVID-19: A One Agilent Effort
Key policies 32
Operations policies 32
People policies 33
2Stakeholder engagement 34 Our environment 75
Energy 75
Stories from COVID-19 38
Water and effluents 80
Building relationships: Ayana Takeyama
Emissions 82
Effluents and waste 86
Sustainability highlights 40
Environmental compliance 88
Business highlights 41
Stories from COVID-19 90
Agilent CTO expands STEM education
Recognition and awards 44
research: Darlene Solomon
Stories from COVID-19 46 Customer health and safety 93
Joy in listening: Shok Chan Phuah
Assessment of impacts of product
and service categories 93
Sustainable innovations 48
Marketing and labeling 93
Project air to ocean 48
Customer privacy 94
Contract management improves 51
Sustainable transportation in Denmark 52 The One Agilent experience 96
Reducing paperwork in shipping 54
Diversity & inclusion 96
Strengthening supplier diversity, sustainability 55
Diversity & equal opportunity 104
Employment & benefits 108
Stories from COVID-19 56
Occupational health and safety 111
From hobbyist to 3D-printing hero:
Tiong Seng Pung
Stories from COVID-19 115
Learning about fatherhood: Jinho Kang
Our markets 59
Our communities and our giving 116
Good governance 60
Community engagement 116
Anti-corruption 61
Our giving 118
Anti-competitive behavior 62
Research awards 121
Economic performance 63
Indirect economic impacts 66
External assurance 122
Stories from COVID-19 72
About this report 123
Joining Agilent during a pandemic:
Julie Morley
SASB index 124
GRI content index 128
34
4Letter from the
President
Some 21 years ago, Agilent opened its
doors with a bold vision.
We soon published our first Environment and Social
Responsibility report, explaining that, “To build a
successful company for the long term, we need to
address the challenge of sustainable development.”
We declared our priorities in our policies. We committed
to providing, “… products and services that are
environmentally sound throughout their lifecycles
and conduct(ing) our operations worldwide in an
environmentally responsible manner.”
We also promised to “Honor our obligations to society by
being an economic, intellectual and social asset to each
nation and community in which we operate.”
Fast forward to 2020, Agilent’s 20th anniversary as
an independent company and this report, our 21st
annual publication. Our commitment to progress on
environmental, social responsibility and governance
issues hasn’t changed; it has only deepened.
2020 was a year that defied expectations. A year
when so much we took for granted in our daily lives
changed dramatically.
We were shocked by the rapid onslaught of COVID-19,
saddened by the isolation and loss of lives, horrified and
hurt when long-simmering racial injustice erupted into civil
unrest, and worried as the global climate crisis loomed
larger than ever.
Through it all, our commitment to our mission – to
advance the quality of life – remained strong. We
maintained our focus and continued to work together
5Letter from the President
as One Agilent. Progress was painful at times, but there
was good news, too.
Our products, our expertise and our donations have surely
contributed to stemming the tide of COVID-19.
We promised employees there would be no job losses or
salary cuts due to COVID-19 and we kept our word.
We also promised employee safety would be our top
priority, so we quickly and safely transitioned more than
13,000 employees to working remotely. Those who worked
on-site or in the field were well-equipped with protective
gear and trained to minimize risks.
I am incredibly proud of our employees, whose sacrifices
We conducted a series of employee focus groups to and hard work delivered these results in the most difficult
gain insights about the Black experience at Agilent, circumstances many of us have ever experienced.
increased mandatory training, and hired an associate
I am also thankful for you, our stakeholders, who continue
vice president of Diversity and Inclusion. Additionally,
to support, challenge and inspire us on this ESG journey to
employee volunteers launched CoBE, our Council of
advance the quality of life.
Black Employees network group.
Together, we are stronger and better. And that’s another
We maintained an uninterrupted inventory, delivering
promise we will keep.
products and installing equipment to meet customer
needs. We provided outstanding customer service,
sometimes in amazingly creative ways.
And we increased our focus on environmental, social and
governance (ESG) objectives, increasing transparency
by adding Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
Mike McMullen
(SASB) data. We elevated and expanded the role of the President and Chief Executive Officer
ESG function, which reports directly to me as CEO. We Agilent Technologies, Inc.
are building a more detailed report for 2021, when we will
transition from our traditional CSR approach to a more
comprehensive ESG report.
By the end of 2020, we had grown our business, delivered
on our promises and made substantial progress toward
critical ESG goals.
67About Agilent
Technologies
Agilent (NYSE: A) is a global leader in
life sciences, diagnostics and analytical
laboratory technologies, recognized
for uncompromising integrity in all
we do. Whether we are working with
our customers to keep food supplies
safe, improve the quality of air, water
and soil, or fight cancer with more
precise diagnoses and targeted
treatments, Agilent’s approximately
16,400 employees, serving customers
in 110 countries, share a passion and
commitment to solve our customers’
most ambitious scientific challenges,
increase their laboratories’ performance,
and advance the quality of life.
Leveraging more than 50 years of laboratory, clinical,
and enterprise level expertise and innovation, we
produce advanced instruments, software and
consumables, supported by teams of highly skilled
and knowledgeable people.
8
8For the fiscal year ended Oct. 31, 2020, Agilent generated
revenues of $5.3 billion with its three business groups: Life
Sciences and Applied Markets, Diagnostics and Genomics,
and Agilent CrossLab.
• Life Sciences and Applied Markets provides
application-focused solutions that include instruments
and software that enable customers to identify, quantify
and analyze the physical and biological properties of
substances and products, as well as enable customers
in the clinical and life sciences research areas to
interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level.
• Diagnostics and Genomics is composed of six areas
providing active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs)
for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions
that include reagents, instruments, software and
consumables which enable customers in the clinical
and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples
at the cellular and molecular level.
• Agilent CrossLab spans the entire lab with its extensive
consumables and services portfolio, which is designed
to improve customer outcomes.
In addition, we provide centralized order fulfillment and
supply chain operations resources for manufacturing,
engineering and strategic sourcing to our respective
businesses. The Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain
organization (OFS), together with Agilent Technologies
Research Laboratories, is supported by our global
infrastructure organization, which provides shared services
in the areas of finance, information technology, legal,
certain procurement services, workplace services and
human resources.
9
9About Agilent Technologies
Our Mission Our Core Values
• Innovation and contribution.
To deliver trusted
We differentiate our contribution in
answers and insights the eyes of our customers. We invent
and discover solutions and seek new
that advance the
ideas to help our customers.
quality of life.
• Trust, respect and teamwork.
We treat all individuals with respect.
We create a diverse and inclusive
environment built on respect for each
person's ideas and contributions.
Our Promise
We value the power of a global,
diverse workforce.
To deliver trusted
• Uncompromising integrity.
answers to our
We never compromise integrity in
customers’ critical any relationships with customers,
competitors, suppliers or employees.
questions and
We adhere to the highest standards of
challenges – helping
business ethics and regularly provide
them achieve updated training for all employees.
• Speed. We anticipate and respond
superior outcomes
to customer and business needs
in their laboratories,
with a sense of urgency. We act
clinics, organizations decisively to make rapid course
corrections if needed.
and the world they
• Focus. We make tough trade-offs.
seek to improve.
We prioritize and simplify to
understand what’s really important.
We focus on anticipating and
satisfying customer needs.
• Accountability. We do what we
say we'll do. We make straightforward
commitments and follow through
on them.
10Our One Agilent Culture
We are a community
We are inclusive as we lead, win and grow as one company.
We are diverse, passionate and driven to provide trusted answers.
We embrace flexibility to balance work demand with personal life.
We work collaboratively
We focus intensely on our customers to deliver differentiated outcomes.
We lead in innovation and simplify continuously in all we do.
We act like owners with positive urgency.
We develop continuously
We openly recognize and learn from our wins and mistakes.
We welcome feedback and adapt, always developing ourselves and others.
We celebrate our achievements and share in the company’s success.
11
1112Delivering on our Promises
Our Sustainability
statement
We strive to consistently improve our Specific Agilent actions
sustainability in our operations, and • Develop products designed to enhance the sustainability
also through our innovative products initiatives of our customers.
and technologies that address complex • Partner with our suppliers to operate sustainably
and drive full transparency from vendors regarding
issues in a sustainable way.
sustainable products and services.
Our mission is to provide trusted answers and insights • Continue to provide the most healthful and safe
that advance the quality of life, and we believe that workspaces possible through sustainable renovations,
sustainability is an important part of meeting that mission. operations and certifications.
We are committed to being a good corporate citizen, to
• Implement sustainability opportunities, identify metrics
acting responsibly in pursuit of our goals. That means we
and track progress throughout our operations and
must operate in a sustainable manner and help others do
supply chain; ensure compliance through a combination
the same.
of self and third-party audits and certifications.
This is nothing new for us. All of our actions are
• Continue to encourage and develop diversity and
based on our long-standing values and achieved with
inclusion in our workforce, investing in programs that
uncompromising integrity. Our culture has always included
advance these principles.
respect for the contributions of every employee in our
• Encourage employees to share their knowledge and
global workforce. We support the communities in which we
talents in building sustainable communities by providing
live and work and encourage employees to share their time
paid volunteer time off, matching their charitable
and talents to help others.
contributions and encouraging science education
through a variety of Agilent science programs.
Sustainability guiding principles
• Report on our sustainability practices and progress to
• Create employee work environments that are safe,
employees, investors and customers on a regular basis.
healthful and conducive to collaboration and innovation.
• Enable our customers to operate more sustainably
and address world challenges through the use of our
products and services.
• Reduce environmental impact of our operations through
resource conservation, reducing our carbon footprint
and waste.
• Drive consistent, responsible profit.
• Embrace diversity and inclusion in all aspects of
our business.
• Be an economic, intellectual and sustainable leader in
communities and countries where we operate.
1314Delivering on our Promises
Agilent during
COVID-19
Agilent and COVID-19
As COVID-19 quickly started to spread, no one could have and have been successful in ensuring we can continue
predicted the enormous obstacles we would all be facing or to support our customers during the evolving situation
how we would navigate this crisis. with COVID-19.
Agilent immediately reached out to employees, letting
Our employees
them know that their health and safety would be our top
Agilent is committed to providing a safe environment for
priority, and there would be no job losses or pay cuts as
our employees, their families, and the communities in
a result of the pandemic. We also informed our external
which we operate. Initially we asked employees to work at
stakeholders that we would continue to provide products,
home where possible to reduce transmission risks and to
services and support during this critical time of need. We
keep them safe. Some employees have now returned to
created online resources addressing COVID topics on our
the office based on local conditions and in line with global
corporate website.
approvals under our return to office process. For those
employees still working at home, we want them to work
Our approach to COVID-19
from home safely and comfortably, and they are authorized
Agilent has an established Enterprise Risk Management to purchase additional equipment if needed.
Program that incorporates Business Continuity Plans
In the early phases of the pandemic, Agilent restricted
(BCPs) for all our critical activities, risk assessments and
all international travel by air and rail to business-critical
crisis-management protocols. We activated this structure
purposes only, with prior executive approval. Domestic
with the initial outbreak of COVID-19, with teams meeting
travel is also restricted to critical activities, with no travel
at the country, function and enterprise levels. Our executive
permitted for internal Agilent meetings. A detailed protocol
staff continues to meet regularly to monitor activities.
exists for employees wishing to attend or participate
in exhibitions, trade shows and similar events. These
The Agilent Enterprise Risk
restrictions are in place to reduce transmission risks and
Management (ERM) program
protect our workforce from a dynamic environment of
The ERM program provides a framework for identifying
government-imposed restrictions and quarantine. When
material risks. The program supports the businesses
employees do need to travel, extensive support networks
and functions in the documentation of the risk, how the
are in place.
risks are managed, and the update/creation of business
continuity plans (BCPs) where appropriate. Oversight Our Human Resources and Environmental Health and
is provided by the Executive Risk Committee, which Safety (EHS) teams have detailed processes in place to
comprises CEO staff. support our employees, including loosening of sickness
and time off policies for those who need to self-isolate,
The ERM program has identified material risks, including
fall ill or need to make other work-life adjustments for child
supply chain disruption, loss of strategic suppliers, logistics
care and elder care.
disruptions and site closures. BCPs exist to mitigate
and manage these risks, and we regularly assess and Employees have been provided with an “employee care kit”
update them. We've successfully activated these BCPs— comprising masks, sanitizer, a digital thermometer and
proactively in many cases—for surety of supply purposes other items to keep them safe while at work and at home.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
3 8 15Agilent during COVID-19
Our sites
All our sites remain open for key on-site activities such the workplace. Our priority is the health and safety of our
as manufacturing, training and customer demos. We workforce and the broader implications a return to work
have taken extensive precautions to protect our on-site locations will have on their lives and families.
workforce, including increased cleaning and disinfection,
Our evaluation of site readiness includes a broad set
signage, restricted conference room usage, closure of
of important issues such as if the number of cases of
amenities, screening and restricted access for visitors and
COVID-19 are on a clear downward trend; the availability of
the availability of personal protective equipment. Internal
critical infrastructure such as public transport and parking;
and external events have been rescheduled virtually,
the availability of social infrastructure such as doctors and
postponed or canceled.
schools; and the readiness of our sites.
We have comprehensive plans to temporarily close part
Facilities have been adapted to provide appropriate
of or all of a site to perform deep cleaning in the event an
screening and social distancing, and employees will
employee is considered a risk, shows symptoms or tests
return to the site in carefully managed phases. Phases are
positive for COVID-19.
prioritized to those who need to use on-site infrastructure
At our manufacturing sites, we have introduced split shifts and in customer-facing roles. Many of our employees will
where possible to minimize transmission risks. continue to work from home until well into 2021.
Returning to Agilent work sites Our products and services
Agilent has developed an extensive Return to Office Agilent has a diversified manufacturing strategy with more
Protocol to manage employees returning on-site once local than 20 locations globally. All our manufacturing sites have
authorities begin to allow nonessential workers to return to
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
16 3 8Delivering on our Promises
continued to operate at normal capacity. Our teams are We have proactively initiated these plans to help guarantee
hard at work to minimize the risk of potential disruption by surety of supply.
identifying diversified second- and third-tier direct material
We do not believe our products or packaging pose
suppliers and securing additional logistics uplift.
any transmission risk of COVID-19. Currently, there is
All Agilent manufacturing sites have established BCPs no evidence to support transmission of COVID-19 in
that cover the physical infrastructure of the site, supply this manner; the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and
chain disruptions and logistics/distribution. Our parts and Prevention, the World Health Organization and other
components come from a complex and diversified supply authorities have confirmed there is very short survivability
chain, and we regularly meet with our strategic suppliers to of the COVID-19 virus on hard surfaces. Over the days or
assess the robustness of their model and their own BCPs. weeks of shipping at ambient temperatures, the risk of
spreading the virus is very low.
17Stories from COVID-19
14 employees
caught between
2 COVID-19
lockdowns:
Singapore and Malaysia
In pre-pandemic days, more than
100,000 Malaysians crossed the border
every day to work in Singapore.
But when Malaysia announced its movement-control order
(MCO) in March and closed the border, many workers –
including several Agilent Singapore employees who live in
the Malaysian state of Johor – were caught off-guard as
they could no longer travel to work.
While non-production employees could work from their
homes in Johor, some employees in manufacturing could
not. To assist these employees, managers at Agilent
Singapore quickly offered them the option of going home
to Malaysia and waiting out the MCO, or remaining in
Singapore indefinitely and continuing to work, with Agilent
covering accommodation costs.
Not an easy time
On March 17, following discussions in the office, 14
production employees chose to stay in Singapore. For this
group, it was a race against time to beat the traffic as they
joined thousands of Malaysians rushing to cross the border
before the lockdown kicked in at midnight March 18.
18“After our meeting ended at 9:30 a.m., we hurried home to
inform our families and pack some daily necessities and
return to Singapore before the border closed,” said Jimmy
Wong Shaw Wai.
Kum Chee Phang and Aziz Yahaya rushed home and
returned, carrying their personal belongings as they hiked
across the bridge linking Singapore and Malaysia to prevent
getting caught in a major traffic jam. In ordinary times, Kum
Chee Phang crossed the border on his motorbike every day,
but chose to stay in Singapore out of commitment to his
family and Agilent.
Chai Man Bin also decided to stay in Singapore. He
explained, “When the MCO was announced, we didn’t know
how long the situation would continue. We had to consider
our jobs and also the impact on production.”
Where would they live?
Many arrangements for hotels and meals had to be made
quickly to accommodate employees living in Singapore for
an extended stay. Lodging was a major challenge, as hotel
rooms were already at a premium and other companies
were racing to find rooms for their employees.
Fortunately, Agilent managed to secure a block of rooms
at the Concord Hotel Singapore within the day. Breakfast,
1199Stories from COVID-19
14 employees
caught between
2 COVID-19
lockdowns:
Singapore and Malaysia
Continued
lunch, laundry and the daily commute between the hotel
and work site were also arranged.
As the pandemic dragged on, the group later moved to the
Pan Pacific Serviced Apartments, which provided more
living space as well as the freedom to cook and do laundry
within the apartment.
“Even as the team braced for impending operational
disruptions, our priority has always been the well-being
of the affected employees,” said Ching Soon Tee, the
Singapore manufacturing director for OFS Instrument
Manufacturing. “We will always do our best to make sure
their needs are taken care of while they are residing here.”
Lockdowns continued, stays extended
As the pandemic continued to worsen, Malaysia extended
its MCO twice and Singapore announced its own so-called
Circuit Breaker measures beginning April 7. Stuck between
two lockdowns, these employees continued to rely heavily
on video calls and WhatsApp messaging to stay in touch
with families.
2200Chan Khai Luen said continuing to work in Singapore has stride and have carried on with their work diligently. Thank
been tough but manageable. you, all, for your commitment and loyalty to Agilent.”
“I chose to stay as my wife is working from home during He added, “We overcame this unprecedented challenge and
this period and she can take care of our daughter,” he said. ensured operations continued smoothly. In many ways all
“I miss my family and I don’t know when I can go home. But 14 employees – and everyone involved in supporting them
I am also grateful to Agilent for providing accommodations – have taken the One Agilent spirit to a new level.”
that allow me to work with peace of mind.”
In recent weeks1, both countries have begun easing
After Singapore introduced its Circuit Breaker, shops and their lockdowns and have committed to holding talks on
restaurants were shut down, meaning colleagues could no reopening the border. A few of the 14 have managed to
longer get together on their days off. Most of them kept return home or make a visit. This is good news for this
busy by jogging and cooking. group of dedicated employees, who are looking forward to
going home and once again, living there.
Sacrifices met with gratitude, great results
Chow Woai Sheng, VP of OFS Instrument Manufacturing
and country general manager for Singapore, said he was
grateful to the employees for the grace with which they
have handled this challenge.
“It is not easy to be away from our families for an extended
period,” he said. “But these 14 employees took everything in 1 As of April 26, 2021
2211Business operations
Each year, Agilent’s CEO and president and top
management outline the company's Measure of Success,
which provides focus areas and related goals that the
company aims to reach over the next fiscal year.
Measuring performance toward these goals through
the Executive Quality Review process and related
Business-level Management Review serves as a report
card of our progress.
Product environmental management
Agilent aims to minimize the environmental impact of
our products and their packaging. We are committed
to conforming with applicable regulations related to the
Restricted Substances in Products. When a customer
decides it no longer needs a product, Agilent will take it
back for reuse or ensure it is properly recycled. For more
information, go to Agilent's Product Take-Back program. In Agilent's information security approach
addition, we use tools such as the General Specification for
Agilent Technologies security program is based on industry
the Environment and our recently updated Design for the
standards including ISO 27002 Code of Practice, NIST
Environment Guidelines to help minimize the environmental
and the COBIT 5 framework. Our policies, standards and
impacts of our products and their packaging.
operating procedures provide a comprehensive approach
to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of
Agilent's materials declaration
the data and systems in our environment. Security is a
requirements companywide priority and we continuously invest in our
people, processes and tools to strengthen our security
Agilent requires hazardous and restricted material
posture to protect both Agilent's and our customers’ data.
composition data for the purchased materials used in
Agilent's products, including parts procured on Agilent's To support our companywide approach, we have a
behalf by third parties, such as contract manufacturers, dedicated IT Information Security and Risk
distributors and third-party logistics suppliers. Management (ISRM) department that is accountable
for key areas.
To meet the various requirements of our customers
and product chemical content restrictions imposed by
Policy, standards and operating procedures:
numerous country laws and regulations, Agilent must
• IT compliance
maintain material composition data on hazardous
substances. Agilent requests data about regulated • Security operations
hazardous substance content of materials in order to • Risk management
trade in legal compliance worldwide – we do not ask
• Threat and vulnerability management
suppliers about other, non-regulated substances.
• Security awareness
Agilent's General Specification for the Environment (GSE)
consolidates all material restrictions into one document,
which covers environmental laws in the Americas, Asia-
Pacific and Europe.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
22 8 9Delivering on our Promises
Growing the business: investing and Training Centers. Our facilities will provide customers
partnering for the future with better technical support and demonstrations of
products and could potentially be used to develop new
Agilent continued its “Build and Buy” growth
customer applications.
strategy in 2020.
Agilent joined forces with the Indian Institute of Technology
In August, we announced plans to invest $150 million
Delhi (IIT Delhi) to promote biopharmaceutical research.
to more than double the capacity of our state-of-the-art
Agilent is contributing funds to support the Institute’s
oligonucleotide production facility in Frederick, Colorado.
incubator site, with the goal of enhancing the quality and
Oligonucleotides are short DNA and RNA molecules used safety of biotherapeutics.
to create nucleic acid-based therapeutics.
Agilent and IIT plan to establish global best practices
They hold the potential to be used in developing treatments for identifying and characterizing biopharmaceuticals
for cancer, COVID-19, cardiovascular disease, rare and and offer world-class training on protein characterization
infectious diseases and other conditions. With this to researchers from academia and industry. They will
manufacturing capacity expansion, Agilent expects to operate under the Department of Biotechnology, Center
create new job opportunities as well as improve quality of of Excellence for Biopharmaceutical Technology and will
life for many people. support incubated startups at IIT Delhi performing protein
We also announced plans to ramp up genomics product analysis, with results providing critical information to
supplies in China, with a facility for manufacturing our ensure safe and efficacious biotherapeutic products
SureSelect Custom Probes used in next generation in India.
sequencing workflows opening in 2021. Agilent is also collaborating with UK researchers at The
University of Sheffield and The University of Manchester
Two Centers of Excellence open;
who are looking into the risk factors for atopic eczema
new partnerships announced
(also known as atopic dermatitis), a chronic skin condition
Agilent invested in opening two Genomics Applications
that affects one in five children and one in 12 adults. The
Centers of Excellence in China. Our Guangzhou lab opened
aim of the collaboration is to help the medical community
in January and Shanghai in October. These centers expand
diagnose the condition early and to administer the best
upon the customer support and training facilities already
possible treatment.
in place with our Agilent Dako Academy Pathology Lab and
23Supply chain
Agilent's supply chain organizations
are chartered to provide optimal
value-added sourcing and procurement
services that are:
• Legal, accountable and auditable
• Ethically, environmentally & socially responsible
• Economically effective
• ISO compliant
Agilent's relationships with suppliers are of great
strategic importance. In working with suppliers, our
standards call for us to use common sense, good
judgment and the highest integrity. Agilent expects its
suppliers to act with uncompromising integrity and follow
all appropriate global and regional laws and regulations.
It also includes all Agilent policies and programs that are
aligned to these requirements. Working together, we can
achieve a strong working relationship and meet
compliance requirements together.
24Delivering on our Promises
Agilent requirements include:
• Quality - Agilent is committed to delivering high-quality, • Sustainability - Agilent has formally aligned its
safe and reliable products, so we take steps to ensure objectives with the United Nations Sustainable
we consistently meet or exceed the standards set Development Goals (UN SDGs).
forth in our quality policy and applicable global quality
Agilent has been streamlining and improving its supply
manufacturing standards.
chain and manufacturing for the past several years. Among
• Environment, health and safety - Agilent strives to the company's innovations:
conduct business in an environmentally responsible
• Four Centers of Excellence around the world focus on
manner and is committed to compliance with all
manufacturing, bioreagents, chemicals and logistics.
applicable environmental laws and regulations. We
• An online OFS Academy helps employees understand
support all laws, policies, permits, and regulations
their role in the overall supply chain and align toward
related to protecting the environment, conserving energy
common goals. The Academy recently added a School
and natural resources, and reducing the environmental
of Digital Innovation.
impact of our operations around the world.
• The OFS Future Lab enables employees to contribute
• Regulatory - Agilent is committed to meeting all
suggestions and ideas related to emerging megatrends,
applicable regulatory requirements such as RoHS,
such as artificial intelligence.
REACH and Conflict Minerals.
To address the potential for disruption in our supply chain,
• Human rights & labor - Agilent's core values and culture
we use a number of techniques, including qualifying
reflect a commitment to ethical business practices and
multiple sources of supply and redesign of products for
good corporate citizenship wherever we operate in the
alternative components. In addition, while we generally
world. As a company, we acknowledge and respect the
attempt to keep our inventory at minimal levels, we do
fundamental principles of the Universal Declaration of
purchase incremental inventory as circumstances warrant
Human Rights, and our policies and practices reflect
to protect the supply chain.
our commitment to promote human rights within the
company's sphere of influence. Agilent did not disclose significant changes to the
organization and its supply chain in fiscal year 2020.
• Anti-corruption & bribery - Agilent is committed to
conducting its business activities in accordance with
all applicable laws and regulations that prohibit bribery
or corruption. It includes trade security that we do not
tolerate bribery in any form.
• Supply chain security - Agilent is committed to meeting
all applicable laws and regulations for ensuring a
safe supply chain. This includes trade security like the
World Customs Organization (WCO) and the Customs-
Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C-TPAT) to
improve the security of our supply chains and logistics
systems. We adhere to all applicable data protection
and privacy laws worldwide. Agilent has policies and
standard operating procedures in place to maintain
information confidentiality, integrity and availability.
These procedures include organizational requirements
of acceptable use.
25Materiality
assessments
Environmental, Social and Governance What’s involved?
(ESG) responsibilities A materiality assessment is a process
We are very proud that in spite of the COVID-19 pandemic, that identifies those ESG issues that
we have remained committed to our Environmental, Social could affect our business as well
and Governance (ESG) goals. Our mission statement
as our stakeholders, which provides
points out that we have a responsibility beyond making a
guidance for business planning.
profit: we are committed to “advancing the quality of life.”
Therefore, we must always think long term and consider
A broad range of stakeholders is surveyed, generating
the needs of others as we make decisions.
feedback on the importance of key environmental,
That’s why Agilent leadership routinely pauses to analyze
social and governance topics. The most highly rated
the ESG issues our business could generate and who we
issues are important to both company and stakeholders,
might impact. We also have to consider how these issues
and those potential issues inform our strategies, targets
could impact our business.
and reporting.
Our periodic materiality assessments provide this insight.
2019 Materiality Matrix
IMPORTANCE TO High Ethical business conduct
Climate change & energy
STAKEHOLDERS Innovation
Product safety & quality
Market presence & pricing
Customer satisfaction
Community & giving
Labor practices Governance & leadership
Economic performance
Moderate Occupational health & safety Talent attraction & retention
Supply chain sustainability
Water & effluents Sustainable products
Waste management
& solutions
Chemicals &
Air quality & other emissions hazardous materials
Diversity & inclusion
Moderate High
SIGNIFICANCE OF IMPACTS
KEY People Business integrity & prosperity Planet All themes
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
26 8Delivering on our Promises
In 2018, we laid the groundwork for our In early 2021, we completed our second
first materiality assessment, completing materiality assessment, which will
the process in 2019. Those results have provide guidance for 2021 and beyond.
informed our sustainability strategy and
That updated matrix is provided below.
business planning through 2020.
Major events of 2020, including the COVID-19 pandemic,
social and civil unrest and economic downturns have
The materiality matrix below and to the left illustrates
influenced stakeholders’ concerns and, as a result, our
the priorities assigned to the 19 social, environmental
priorities shifted since our 2019 assessment.
and governance issues that could impact our business
and stakeholders. These changes underscore the importance of conducting
regular materiality assessments, which clarify and prioritize
issues of concern. We will continue to conduct regular
materiality assessments to inform business decisions.
2021 Materiality Matrix
Innovation & R+D
IMPORTANCE TO
Product sustainability
STAKEHOLDERS
Climate change & energy
Very High Ethical business conduct Product safety & quality
Customer satisfaction &
engagement
Diversity & inclusion
Waste management
Corporate governance &
Labor practices Supply chain sustainability &
High leadership
Occupational health & safety sourcing
Water & effluents
Economic performance
Talent attraction & retention
Market presence & pricing
Chemicals &
Moderate Community engagement &
hazardous materials
relations
Air quality & other emissions
Moderate High Very High
SIGNIFICANCE OF IMPACTS
KEY People Business integrity & prosperity Planet All themes
227728Delivering on our Promises
UN Sustainable
Development Goals
Agilent and the UN Sustainable
Development Goals
Agilent products and services touch nearly all the United
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs),
launched in 2015 to create a blueprint for a better and
more sustainable future for all.
In 2018, Agilent declared alignment with the UN SDGs,
citing eight of the 17 goals where we have the greatest
potential to deliver positive impact:
Look for these icons throughout this publication,
indicating contributions to specific goals.
Barron’s has recognized our ESG commitment and
progress, awarding Agilent with first place in their 100
Most Sustainable Companies list for 2020 and second
place in 2021. We have ranked within the top three
positions on this prestigious list for three consecutive
years, another indicator of our consistent commitment
to sustainability.
29Stories from COVID-19
Our superior
customer service
in spite of
COVID-19:
A One Agilent effort
Customers have never needed Agilent’s support more than ever
as they struggled to keep their staff safe and healthy, and their
labs operational and efficient during a global pandemic.
That’s why Agilent maintained and even expanded essential
services for customers throughout 2020, including education
and training, technical support, remote instrument monitoring,
instrument repair and exchange, and preparation for increased lab
production when the crisis subsides.
In addition, we deployed Agilent Virtual Assist – our augmented
reality tool for technical support – a tremendous innovation
that is serving customers well. And we continue to see
growth in the use of web applications such as WeChat and
Kakao for customer service requests and support, delivering
on our digital investments.
Customer response: overwhelmingly positive
Agilent has consistently been available to help in safe, secure
ways – and customers seized the opportunities for support.
For example, by mid-pandemic, our DGG China team led eight
online activities with attendance of more than 16,000.
ACG Education Services accelerated their digital transformation
with Agilent University training going online and offering virtual,
instructor-led courses. Registration topped out with a nearly 500%
increase in training during the height of the pandemic.
3300Out of the lab does not mean out of work alerts with critical operational information. The Remote
Customers’ employees built their technical skills at home by Assist feature also provides priority response service for
visiting Agilent University. With hundreds of training modules faster uptime.
available, including free courses and dedicated learning paths,
Broken? Exchange it!
laboratory personnel made the most of their out-of-lab time to
With fully functional bench repair capabilities and over
get up and running faster as labs reopen.
400 instrument modules in-stock, Agilent continued its
Customers can also purchase an e-Pass subscription, which
Return to Agilent instrument repair program, as well as an
provides access to all Agilent-designed online courses on
Instrument Exchange program to keep customer labs
analytical workflows and lab procedures.
up and running. Repaired and certified instrument
modules are shipped directly to the customer, eliminating
Do-it-yourself, the Agilent way
the need for Agilent representatives to conduct on-site
Our advanced remote support capabilities have proven
repairs and maintenance.
extremely effective. They help employees diagnose and
potentially fix our customers’ queries remotely, using platforms “The work performed by our customers is critical to
like WebEx, Microsoft Teams and Skype – in some cases, no both improving the human condition and in protecting
travel or in-lab service technician is needed. And the knowledge our global resources,” said Jason DiFraia, associate
doesn’t stop there – Agilent Community offers crowd-sourced vice president, Agilent Services and Support Division,
technical expertise and access to instrument resources, Product Management. “So, we are focusing on helping
including consumables, applications and Agilent support them address the challenges associated with staffing
resources, in one convenient online location. irregularities, lab closures and changes in lab productivity.
“Together, these programs are especially valuable in their
Check-in from the safety of home
accessibility, flexibility and quality – customers can still get
With Smart Alerts, customers can check on their Agilent LC/GC
the trusted answers they expect from Agilent, but in ways
and GCMS instruments remotely and receive real-time status
that keep personnel safe and labs performing as best as
they can throughout this crisis,” DiFraia said.
Note: Numbers cited above are from data on file.
31Key policies
Operations policies
Agilent standards of business conduct
Agilent's standards of business conduct guide our
employees on how to conduct themselves with
uncompromising integrity, requiring ethical conduct
and compliance with the law. Agilent published new
standards of business conduct in 2020. Click here
for more information.
Supplier Code of Conduct
Agilent's Supplier Code of Conduct outlines who we are and
how we operate as a company. It describes our supplier
requirements and expectations. These include quality,
environment, health & safety, human rights & employment
practices, anti-corruption & bribery, regulatory (conflict
minerals, RoHS) and Supply Chain Security (C-TPAT/AEO,
Privacy, IT Security) and sustainability.
Conflict minerals policy
Agilent sources components and assemblies for our
products from suppliers in different countries around the
world, each with its own laws and regulations. We are
committed to respecting human rights throughout our
global supply chain and do not knowingly conduct business
with any individual or company that participates in the
exploitation of children (including child labor), physical
punishment, forced labor or human trafficking. See our
updated Agilent Conflict Minerals Policy.
Quality policy
At Agilent, we drive quality through our Quality
Management System (QMS) processes. This commitment
is exemplified in a single, companywide Agilent quality
policy: Agilent will earn customer loyalty by providing
trusted answers through continuous improvement of
products and services and interactions of the highest
quality and greatest value. Please see our Quality at Agilent
brochure released in 2020.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
32 6 9 12 13 15Delivering on our Promises
People policies
Political activities Environmental health and safety policy
Agilent may contribute to dialogue and decision-making Agilent is committed to providing healthy and safe work
on public policies affecting the company, our employees environments and processes that enable our people
and operations. to work injury-free and illness-free while acting in an
environmentally responsible manner. Learn more about our
Anti-corruption policy
environmental health and safety policy.
One of Agilent's most important company assets is our
reputation for ethical behavior, honesty and fair dealing. Human rights and labor policy
Agilent's anti-corruption policy incorporates the common Agilent conducts business with uncompromising integrity
elements of anti-corruption laws and regulations worldwide and promotes human rights within the company's sphere
that apply to Agilent's business. Learn more about our of influence.
Global Anti-Corruption Policy.
Privacy principles
Agilent's compliance hotline
Agilent is committed to respecting and protecting
Agilent's hotline provides an avenue for employees and the privacy and personal information of customers,
members of the public to report serious compliance employees and partners. Learn more about our Agilent
concerns. People can report information by telephone privacy statement.
via a toll-free number or through the web. Reports can
Employee diversity and inclusion, accessibility and
be made in over 100 languages. The information people
work/life balance
submit will be handled confidentially within the small
group necessary to conduct a review of the allegation. Agilent's commitment to diversity and inclusion helps us
In most countries, reports may be submitted anonymously to be a great place to work, ignite innovation and deliver
if people prefer not to disclose their identities. Agilent does superior business results. Agilent applies a range of
not tolerate retaliation against our employees for reporting policies, programs and practices to promote diversity and
legitimate concerns. inclusion, accessibility and work/life balance, including:
• Nondiscrimination policy
• Accessibility policy
• Education-assistance program
• Employee-assistance program
• Employee network group opportunities
• Balanced approach between campus recruiting and
experienced hiring
• Harassment-free work environment
• Flexible and part-time work schedules when possible
33Stakeholder
engagement
Agilent engages with a wide range of
stakeholders on issues that affect the
company's operations. During business
planning, Agilent considers external
charters, principles and guidelines. We
also participate in industry and trade
groups at local, regional, state, national
and international levels to address
emerging issues; develop industrywide
approaches to environmental and
social challenges; and cooperate
with governments, non-governmental
organizations and other stakeholders on
common concerns.
Agilent meets all applicable laws, regulations and
standards where we do business.
Approach to stakeholder engagement
Agilent engages with our stakeholders through
consultation, surveys, ad hoc feedback and reviews.
Agilent stakeholders include:
• Customers
• Employees
• Investors
• Suppliers
• Government agencies
• Communities
• Media
• Industry standard-setting organizations
• Neighbors
• Non-governmental organizations
Customers
Our customers and the experience they have with us is
a top Agilent priority. Our focus is to deliver on our brand
promise with every interaction. Whether our customers
34Delivering on our Promises
interact with our people, our products or with us digitally, increased need for information. With some 13,000
we want every experience to leave them feeling confident employees working remotely, Agilent expanded digital
that Agilent can and does deliver on their needs, and they communications with all employees:
feel valued that we understand their expectations and
• Created a COVID-19 information center, providing a
are helping them achieve their goals. We hope that they
one-stop employee resource for pandemic-related help
are always inspired. This experience does not come by
and information.
accident. We ask for customers' input and design our
• Increased the use of video to share important
improvement programs based on customer input.
information with employees.
Agilent assesses its customer experience through a variety
• CEO provided frequent updates and encouragement
of customer feedback mechanisms, including an annual
through his home-based video messages to employees,
market study, project-based primary customer research,
generating strong participation and engagement. As a
customer feedback provided directly to Agilent employees,
result of these efforts, Agilent was awarded first place
and through an ongoing customer experience survey
in the prestigious 2020 Employee Communications
that measures perceptions across our customers' key
Awards, Ragan Communications, receiving other
engagements. Agilent also uses a closed-loop corrective
awards as well.
action process to address urgent customer concerns,
and a continuous improvement process to address more • Annual Agilent Leadership Survey continued
extensive change opportunities. to allow employees to provide feedback on
leadership effectiveness.
The Agilent Customer Experience survey is a global survey
evaluating our customers' experience with Agilent in 19 • Regular performance reviews and discussions
languages and over 50 countries worldwide. with immediate supervisors, were handled virtually
when appropriate.
Customers have rated Agilent as significantly
improved across all the key engagement areas in the • Virtual and on-site Employee Coffee Talks shared
last several years. Agilent received especially high scores business updates and country-specific information
during the COVID-19 pandemic for its ability to serve and answer employee questions.
customers in a difficult environment. Here are a few
• CEO global all-managers webcasts provide quarterly
examples of improvements we made based directly on
business updates with Q&A.
customer feedback:
• Annual meeting for senior leaders held virtually.
• Introduced an automatic notification system that
Because development of leadership and professional
confirms when your product is ordered, tells you
skills is critical for Agilent, face-to-face and online
when it ships, and utilizes a real time tracker for
resources, training and curriculum are available through
delivery information.
two online learning centers, "Development Now" and
• Provided easier and more complete access
"Learning@Agilent."
to site preparation guidance for customers
purchasing instruments. Investors
• Faster delivery time and online purchase options Institutional investors regularly request meetings with
for consumables to improve the purchase and our chief executive officer (CEO) and many of them meet
delivery experience. with him at least once a year. He and other members of
the executive staff attend investor conferences where
• Shortened the time it takes to schedule service.
they give presentations and meet with investors one-on-
• Improved search and navigation on our website. one. Analysts who research Agilent and our sector also
have regular contact with our CEO and our chief financial
Employees
officer (CFO).
Agilent has many channels to engage employees and even
made improvements during the pandemic to meet the
35Stakeholder engagement
Those analysts are in constant contact with institutional guidance to companies for disclosing material information
investors and act as a feedback mechanism on how the that is comparable within each industry.
market perceives the company.
Agilent has sought to incrementally incorporate aspects of
• Each quarter, we conduct a financial results conference this framework approach in this current edition of its CSR
call that presents analysts and investors with an Report, adding SASB data reporting this year. We continue
opportunity to ask questions and detail concerns to the to consider additional incorporation of this disclosure
CEO and CFO. framework in future reporting.
• At our annual shareholder meeting, all attendees are
Suppliers
presented with the opportunity to ask questions to our
Agilent's relationships with suppliers are of great strategic
CEO, executive staff members and members of the
importance. Common sense, good judgment and the
board of directors.
highest integrity standards will be used in working with
• If analysts and institutional investors are unable to our suppliers. The results Agilent Technologies seeks
meet directly with our CEO, CFO or Treasurer, then will not occur from random sourcing or from selecting
they can rely on regular contact with our Investor suppliers solely based on competitive quotations. It will
Relations department. result from making the correct selection of suppliers and
Investors need complete information regarding how then working closely with them in specific areas to improve
companies manage climate-related risks and opportunities, quality and productivity.
and adapt their corporate strategy to be in line with a The basic strategy for establishing these "working
lower carbon economy. Major investors have issued broad relationships" is through the establishment of mutual
public statements, letters and white papers to industry performance expectations and measures. Agilent also
(notably BlackRock Investment Stewardship's approach expects its suppliers to adhere to the quality, product
to engagement on climate risk) calling for "consistent and regulatory, social responsibility and environmental
decision-useful" disclosures with respect to major material principles that are core to our company. As regular practice,
risks including climate change-related risks. Agilent compliance requirements are communicated
Specifically, investors like BlackRock have pointed to the through email to all newly added suppliers monthly;
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related annually, Agilent recommunicates compliance
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the standards put requirements for suppliers.
forward by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
(SASB) as the benchmark frameworks for a company
to disclose its approach to climate-related risks and the
transition to a lower-carbon economy.
These frameworks consider the physical, liability, and
transition risks associated with climate change and provide
3637Stories from COVID-19
Building
relationships:
Ayana Takeyama
Ayana Takeyama had just settled in for
a call with a customer.
It was the start of the COVID-19 work-from-home era, and
as a member of the South Asia Pacific, Japan, and Korea
sales organization for Laboratory Solutions Sales and
Marketing, that meant taking lots of calls from her home in
Shanghai, China.
She picked up the phone and dialed. Just then, her
8-month-old daughter, Chie Yu, began to cry.
When the customer answered, Chie started screaming.
“I felt so sorry for the customer,” Ayana said.
38The arrangement was unworkable
But she couldn’t let her child — who was already starting
to walk — wander the house unsupervised; meanwhile, she
wasn’t getting anything done.
She phoned her husband.
“It’s impossible,” she told him. “This totally doesn’t
work for me.”
So, the couple set to negotiations.
Fortunately, Chuan was self-employed as a general
contractor and could set his own hours. He took the day
shift, cooking, cleaning and taking care of the baby from 9
a.m. to 6 p.m. while Ayana worked. Then they switched.
Different, in a good way
“He was amazing,” Ayana said of her husband. “He did
everything, so I was totally able to focus on my calls.”
The schedule might sound rough, but it wasn’t all bad.
“At least we could have lunch together,” she said. "It was
nice having the whole family together under one roof during
the day," she continued, even as she worked. Normally,
Ayana wouldn’t see her husband and daughter until after
the workday; during lockdown, they could eat and play
together on breaks.
“That’s never happened before,” she said.
A success for the team
Free to take calls without caring for a small, screaming
human, Ayana reached 98% of her sales quota last year.
“That’s thanks to my team that supported me, but also my
A huge change…
family, especially my husband,” she said.
Before the pandemic hit, Ayana and her husband, Chuan
Today, post-lockdown, Ayana and Chuan have returned
Tang Yu, sent Chie to a nursery during the day while they
to their regular schedules and have just welcomed their
went to work. But when COVID-19 shut down the day
second child into their family. And although they’re glad the
nurseries, they were left to fend for themselves.
day nurseries are open again, Ayana said they’ll remember
“Both of us were pretty upset,” Ayana said. “Where can we
the lockdown experience as a gift rather than a burden.
send the baby? How will we take care of the baby?”
“It was a chance to build the family relationship,” she said.
Ayana pulled Chie’s crib out from her room and set it next to
“We had quality family time during the pandemic.”
her desk, placing Chie inside with a handful of toys.
“Mostly it didn’t work,” she lamented. “Mostly she
was screaming.”
3399Sustainability highlights
$2.63 million invested in
GOAL 1 sustainability initiatives2
10% energy reduction by 2024
Energy projects offset
AHEAD OF TARGET AT 7% REDUCTION 2,143 metric tons of carbon
• Yishun and Shanghai solar projects: live in 2020
GOAL 2
• Mulgrave solar array: live in spring of 2021
20% water reduction by 2024
• Waldbronn LED lighting conversion:
ON TARGET WITH 12% REDUCTION THIS YEAR completed in early 2021
GOAL 3 Our 1220, 1260 and 1290 Infinity II LC
95% solid waste diversion by 2020 product families achieved the My Green Lab
ACT certification; labeling now educates
BELOW TARGET AT 90%, ADJUSTED TO
buyers about environmental impact.
ACHIEVE 95% IN 2021
GOAL 4 Our first carbon
1% carbon (Scope 1+2 CO2e) neutral event
reduction per year since 2014 transitioned to a
highly successful
and 10% by 2024
virtual opportunity.
AHEAD OF TARGET, ACHIEVING 22% REDUCTION
VS. 6% 2020 GOAL
Sponsor of My Green Lab, an organization
UPDATED GOAL: 25% REDUCTION BY 2025, dedicated to improving the sustainability
EFFECTIVE IN 2021 REPORTING.
of laboratories worldwide.
2 Less than planned due to onset of COVID-19 pandemic
444000Delivering on our Promises
Business highlights
2020 revenue and growth
$5.34 billion Launched plans to more than double Opened two Genomics
production of oligos, nucleic acid-based Applications Centers of
• Earnings per share of $2.30 therapeutics, used to develop treatments Excellence in China
• 3% reported revenue growth for cancer, COVID-19 and more
Planning to invest over $1 billion Over $9 million donated to $9
universities, hospitals, research
in R&D within three years
and charitable organizations million
Our COVID-19 priorities
Policies and processes Online customer and
Employee safety
developed and employee training quickly
and well-being continuously refreshed expanded to meet
continues to ensure the safety of increased needs
to be #1 employees, customers and suppliers
Virtual field service support
• No COVID-19 related layoffs or
Product quality maintained and developed to minimize
reductions in base pay
supply was uninterrupted risk for
• 13,000* employees employees
successfully transitioned to and
Deliveries and installations provided
working remotely customers
in a safe, efficient manner
* Approximately
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
8 9 1341Business highlights
People
~5,300 in our Life Sciences ~5,800 in our Agilent
16,400* employees
and Applied Markets Group CrossLab Group
serving customers
~2,700 in our Diagnostics ~2,600 in our global
in 110 countries
and Genomics Group infrastructure organization
2020
90% 95% 88%
Leadership
Survey
of employees intend of employees would of employees
to stay at Agilent recommend Agilent as participated in the
a great place to work annual survey
94%
39% 25 of employees
approve of CEO,
Glassdoor
of full-time average hours
employees of training per
91st
percentile,
are female employee
employee engagement,
Perceptyx
Product
282 154
innovation
in 2020
patents issued worldwide patent applications filled
* Approximately
4422Award-winning products
Vaya Raman Spectrometer,
Pharma QA/QC, Gold Award,
R&D 100 Awards and Finalist,
Innovation Awards,
The Medicine Maker
8890 GC System,
Best New Separations InfinityLab LC/MSD iQ
Product, Scientists’ system, Best New
Choice Awards Spectroscopy Product,
Scientists’ Choice Awards
Polychromator System,
NanoDis System,
5800 and 5900 ICP-OES,
Top 15 Innovation Award,
Top 15 Innovation Award,
The Analytical Scientist
The Analytical Scientist
Locations
R&D and/or
Manufacturing sites
USA (California, Colorado,
Delaware, Massachusetts,
Texas), Australia, Belgium,
China, Denmark, Germany,
Italy, Japan, Malaysia,
Netherlands, Singapore
and the United Kingdom
Logistics Centers
China, Denmark, Germany,
India, Italy, Japan, Malaysia,
Headquarters
Singapore and the U.S., plus
additional regional hubs Santa Clara, CA
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
9 43Recognition
and awards
Barron's America's
100 Most
Sustainable
Companies
1st in 2020
2nd in 2021
3rd in 2019
Management
Top 250
Wall Street Journal
JUST 100 List
Forbes and Just Capital, 4th
consecutive year
America's Most
Responsible
Companies
Newsweek
44
44Delivering on our Promises
Recognition
and awards
Best Employers Great Place to Award of Distinction
for Diversity Work India
AmCham CARES, Corporate
Forbes Certification, Great Place to Social Responsibility,
Singapore
Work Institute
Europe's Most
Best Supplier
Inclusive Companies Best Workplaces
for Women
Laboratory Instruments and
2020, Financial Times
Best Service Provider, Quality
Certification, Greater China,
Control, Brazil, Sindusfarma
Great Place to Work Institute
Excellence in Health
and Well-being China
Legal Team of the
Best Workplaces in
Year, Integration of
Biotechnology and
people.cn
Best Practices
Pharmaceuticals
Asia Pacific In-House
America's Best-In- Great Place to Work Institute
Community
State Employers
Industry Model
2020, Forbes Ranked No. 1
Award
Laboratory Compliance
Asia's Best Corporate Social
Services for Analytical
Workplaces List Responsibility, China
Instrument Qualification and
Computer Software Validation,
China, Singapore LCGC Magazine of Separation
Great Place to Work Institute Science Global Survey
45Stories from COVID-19
Joy in
listening:
Shok Chan Phuah
Shok Chan Phuah was bored.
Bored, and anxious.
“A lot of anxiety and waiting,” is how she
described her pandemic experience.
As an inside sales account manager for Laboratory
Solutions Sales and Marketing in the sales organization for
South Asia Pacific, Japan and Korea (SAJK), Shok Chan
was accustomed to face-to-face interaction, to the energy
of working alongside her colleagues each day.
46As the credits rolled, she glanced at the piano in the corner.
She’d taken lessons from age six throughout high school,
but it’d been ages since she’d played a note.
Still …
“The piano was just there,” Shok Chan recalled. “So, I
thought, ‘Hey, why not?’”
First, the theme song from “The Wolf”
It didn’t take long for her to learn the show’s theme song
and rediscover her childhood passion for music. Now, she
spends her lunch breaks and down time plucking out the
chords and melodies to her favorite pop songs.
“I find joy in listening,” she said. “It’s something fun to do
that helps pass the time and also makes me relax.”
Having a creative outlet for her anxiety has helped her find
the positives in the work-from-home era.
“Previously, I thought that I would be better working as a
salesperson who is meeting customers face-to-face,” she
explained. “But I’ve actually found that switching to digital
selling isn’t too bad at all.”
She added: “We are still able to call customers, right? It’s
not only about business, but it’s a human connection.”
Make no mistake, Shok Chan is looking forward to
returning to the office and other outside-the-home
activities. But until then — and afterward — she plans to
continue making music whenever she needs a break
from the computer screen.
A lifestyle change: slowing down
But since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, she has
spent most of her time at her home with her elderly mother
in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, with little to differentiate
between work hours and free time.
Other than television, of course.
With little else to do, Shok Chan consumed episode after
episode of the 2020 Chinese TV drama “The Wolf.” But it
wasn’t just the story she enjoyed.
“One of the songs of the original soundtrack was pretty
good,” she said.
4477Sustainable
innovations
Project Air to Ocean reduces CO2 Agilent is taking to the seas
emissions, shipping costs “There is a better and more affordable way of doing things,
while still meeting your customer requirements,” said OFS’s
You can get just about anything from just about anywhere
Gilbert Gomez.
in three days: clothes, food, even materials for making
lab equipment. All it takes is the click of a button and the
logistics of a transatlantic flight.
But what’s convenient isn’t always best — for business or
the environment.
Air freight typically costs four to five times as much as road
transport and 12-16 times more than sea freight, according
to The World Bank. In 2018, air freight accounted for 171
million tons of carbon dioxide (CO ) emissions.
2
Gilbert served as project manager for Project Air to Ocean,
a fiscal year 2020 cost-saving and sustainability initiative.
The project substituted sea transport for air transport for
materials shipped from supplier sites in China to logistics
centers at the Little Falls site in Wilmington, Delaware, and
in Memphis, Tennessee.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
48 8 9 12 13In fiscal year 2020, Agilent shipped 186 tons of materials Product quality was a concern
via ocean from five suppliers in China. At about one-third “We have to think about our end customers, making
the cost of air freight, the switch resulted in a savings just sure that there's no impact to the product quality,”
shy of $500,000. Gilbert explained.
Carbon dioxide emissions cut Extreme temperature changes and high humidity are the
greatest threats, increasing risk of rust, tarnishing and
On the environmental side, ocean freight reduced
mechanical or electrical failure. To combat them, proper
CO2 emissions by 1,307 tons, the equivalent of planting
packaging is key: heat and vacuum sealing, moisture-
6,284 trees.
barrier bags and desiccants all help prevent moisture from
“Not bad,” said Fabrice Thomas, global supply chain vice
damaging materials.
president for OFS. The success of the pilot project, he
The team also conducted drop and compression tests
added, demonstrates potential for even greater positive
to make sure the boxes' packaging could withstand the
impact if it were to be broadly implemented.
volume and weight of the materials, filling excess space
But the switch from air to ocean is more complex
with foam to protect the packaging from sharp edges.
than it seems.
Shipment timing also is critical for cargo safety. If Agilent
After selecting five top suppliers to begin the experiment,
doesn’t ship enough materials to fill a standard shipping
the Air to Ocean team had to answer one simple but critical
question: How do we send materials — including metals,
electronics and other highly sensitive parts — across the
ocean without damaging them?
49Sustainable innovations
container, that container will be shared with another
company’s materials.
“So, you have no control over how you pack your stuff in the
container,” Gilbert said.
Big scheduling changes needed
The safest bet, he continued — and the most cost-
effective one — is to schedule shipments such that only
Agilent materials fill the space. Right now, that means
monthly shipments.
But that still leaves one big problem to solve.
“The only setback we probably have to factor in is the long
lead time,” Gilbert said.
Previously, materials could be expected to arrive
within three days, whereas ocean shipment can take
up to a month.
“That’s another big change for the procurement folks,”
Gilbert continued. “Because now they've got to add in the
extra lead time for that.”
The solution?
“A fundamental transformation of our way of
working,” Fabrice said. “A reinvention of our inventory-
management strategy… that (has) a significant impact;
a measurable one.”
For ocean-freight supply shipments to work, factories and
logistics centers must build up what Gilbert calls “buffer
stock,” a certain amount of material that must remain in
constant supply. Then, new orders from suppliers are made
in tandem with orders taken from that buffer stock.
“Then it is smooth after the initial shipments,” said Adrian
Lee, commodity manager for the project.
Since Air to Ocean’s pilot program began in early 2020,
the program has expanded to include 12 suppliers across
various regions, and the team has set a 2021 savings target
of $700,000.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
50 8 9 12 13Other options under consideration
And they don’t plan to stop there.
For 2021 and beyond, the team is exploring other non-air
modes of transport, such as rail shipping, which will require
more research and testing, including measuring the impact
of rail vibrations on various materials, but Gilbert said that’s
an obstacle easily overcome.
“We can go back and say, ‘Oh, that can be done, because it
has been done,’” he said, referring to the change from air to
ocean shipping. “So now we just have to expand, and that’s
exactly what we’re doing in 2021.”
Contract management system: Doing
business with Agilent got easier
Agilent’s Contracts team — with the support of Agilent
IT — unveiled the much-anticipated digital contract-
management tool, Coupa CLM-A, to manage Agilent’s
nearly 6,000 sales contracts.
Customers and employees appreciate the seamless
workflow that auto-generates documents and next steps,
provides real-time access to any contract’s status and
delivers enhanced reporting and analytics.
The end result: improved communication and faster
service, making it even easier for customers to do business
with Agilent.
51Sustainable innovations
Denmark makes sustainable
transportation easier for
employees
Transportation has a major impact on
the environment, so we’re working to
help employees choose sustainable
ways to travel to work. In Denmark,
Agilent has been recognized as a
bicycle-friendly employer of choice. A
new bike shed was added in 2020,
providing secure and weather-proof
storage, plus a workbench for any quick
repairs that might be needed before
cycling home. The site added special
cabinets for charging electric bike
batteries as well as new car charging
stations. All these improvements help
minimize our environmental impact.
5253Sustainable innovations
Reducing paperwork: thinking small,
delivering big
When you’re trying to save the planet, you’ve got to
think big.
But you also have to consider the small stuff – the details –
because, all totaled, they can make a big difference.
Consider shipping.
What does it take to ship just one product globally?
Obviously, a label.
A packing list.
An airway bill.
An export declaration for customs.
And more.
Then multiply that by thousands of packages shipped
each week.
Employees from around the world work with our shipping
processes and they knew there had to be a better way, so
they started collaborating to find solutions.
First change: developing a better process
for airway bills
Often brokers and customers, like distributors, need upfront
shipping paper copies to prepare for customs clearance;
that info is sent to carriers, who usually add an airway bill
and then send the information on.
The team suggested an online approach, and in early 2020,
we made the switch to digital, eliminating hundreds of
emails, reprint requests and hours of work. And another
obvious benefit: reduced paper and printing.
Employees started looking at other shipping-related
paperwork. In June, we rolled out electronic packing lists
and, in September, we moved on to electronic export
declarations where applicable.
These two changes alone will deliver impressive savings
and, best of all, they eliminate millions of unnecessary
printed pages each year.
Just another example of looking at the big picture, all the
while, taking care of the details, too.
54 54Sustainable innovations
Procurement works with suppliers to
improve sustainability & diversity
Last year, Agilent’s Supply Chain focused on working
with suppliers to improve our sustainability impact and
increase diversity.
We revised our Supplier Code of Conduct to include
sustainability requirements for suppliers. Request
for Proposal (RFP) forms now require sustainability
information, which, in turn, is reviewed as part of the
purchasing decision-making process.
Procurement team members completed training to
increase engagement and promote companywide
awareness about the importance of sustainability in
procurement decisions.
Also in 2020, Agilent introduced supply chain sustainability
assessments to establish baseline performance levels
for suppliers who contribute toward the majority of the
procurement spend.
To ensure that our supply base shares Agilent’s values,
we strengthened our Supplier Diversity program by
working with external agencies to enrich supplier data.
We established a new requirement of including diverse
suppliers for RFPs in the United States, and by establishing
internal goals to increase Agilent’s diverse supplier spend.
Agilent informs suppliers of our Environmental and
Social Responsibility (ESR) expectations and requires
them to adopt management practices aligned with these
expectations. The company also conducts Responsible
Sourcing Assessment Surveys with select suppliers
to assess compliance with Environmental and Social
Responsibility expectations.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
10 12 5555Stories from COVID-19
From hobbyist to
3D-printing hero:
Tiong Seng Pung
When Tiong Seng Pung learned
front-line health care workers fighting
COVID-19 in Sarawak, Malaysia,
were struggling with a shortage of
personal protective equipment, he
wanted to help.
For almost two years, Tiong Seng, Agilent field-service
engineer (FSE), had experimented with 3D-printing as
a hobby with five friends at Kuching 3D Makers’ Group.
Because of their experience — and the fact that most of
them owned 3D printers and associated materials — the
group of six pooled their skills and resources to make face
shields for front-line workers.
When the group started the process around March, there
were quite a few inefficiencies.
Plenty of challenges to address
For starters, each frame took 2.5 to 5 hours to print.
As a result, Tiong Seng only managed to make 10 face
shields in three days. After some trial and error, the
56group optimized print settings and frame design to make Results were impressive
significant improvements, reducing printing time to 30 During March and April, Tiong Seng made over 400 face
minutes per frame. shields, which he donated to employees in Sarawak General
“From failed prints to material shortages and machine Hospital’s accident-and-emergency department. The
downtime, we faced enormous challenges at the start. hospital is the largest in the state of Sarawak.
I could start as early as 4 a.m. and finish at 10 p.m. The Eventually, the group made and donated close to
project became a family affair, too, as my daughters would 4,000 face shields to hospital health care workers,
sometimes stay up to help me,” said Tiong Seng. police and army personnel manning roadblocks and
The project involved 3D-printing the frames that hold even hotel workers.
together the face shields. Tiong Seng and his friends “I feel great that I could turn my hobby into something
then manually attached frames to transparent plastic meaningful,” Tiong Seng said, “and grateful that I can give
sheets they bought at local stationery shops. The face back to the community during this pandemic.”
shields are reusable, have replaceable parts and can be
disinfected quickly.
557758Our markets
Agilent focuses its expertise on six key
markets, where we help our customers
achieve their goals:
Pharmaceutical Food
Agilent has one of the broadest solutions portfolios of Agilent helps ensure that our global food supply is free
any company serving the pharmaceutical industry. Our of contaminants — whether chemical, viral, bacterial
solutions provide precise answers for every segment, or microbiological. Our customers include government
from disease research and drug discovery to drug regulators and labs that control food safety, as well as
development, manufacturing and quality control. The private companies that produce, package and sell food to
start-to-finish solution set means customers can get the public.
products to market faster. Customers trust us to help
them test the purity of their therapeutics. Agilent also Chemical and energy
ensures that their instruments and processes conform
The natural gas and petroleum refining markets use
to the highest compliance.
Agilent products to measure and control the quality of their
finished products and to verify the environmental safety of
Diagnostics
their operations. Petroleum refiners use our measurement
Agilent gives doctors a head start in the fight against solutions to analyze crude oil composition, perform raw
cancer and other diseases. Our solutions help pathology material analysis, verify and improve refining processes and
laboratories deliver fast, accurate information to the ensure the overall quality of gasoline, fuels, lubricants and
doctors, hospitals and medical centers they serve. We help other products. Our solutions are used in the development,
medical professionals make more accurate diagnoses so manufacturing and quality control of fine chemicals and
patients can receive the most effective therapies. other industrial applications such as materials analysis.
Agilent also helps energy researchers investigate biofuels,
Environmental and forensics renewable fuels and other forms of alternative energy.
From pesticides to pharmaceutical residues to trace
Research
metals, we provide fast, accurate and sensitive methods
for monitoring contaminants affecting the quality of Most life sciences and diagnostics research is done at
life. Agilent solutions also play an important role in law top-tier universities with funding from governments around
enforcement by providing robust tools and instruments to the world. Agilent is helping these researchers learn
analyze and verify evidence at trial. more about cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes,
Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, autism and other ailments. Our
instruments, software and sample preparation solutions
help scientists conduct faster, more accurate research.
59Good governance
Agilent is led by a chief executive officer • Continued assessment of highly qualified, diverse and
and overseen by a board of directors. independent candidates for nomination to the Board.
The current four committees of the • Regular meetings of our independent directors without
management present.
board are:
• Strong focus on pay-for-performance.
• Audit and Finance Committee
• Diverse Board with an effective mix of skills, experience
• Compensation Committee and perspectives.
• Executive Committee • Proactive shareholder engagement.
• Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee • Two new independent directors added in the
past four years.
The board selects the chief executive officer in accordance
• Policies prohibiting hedging, short selling and pledging
with the company's bylaws and other applicable policies.
of our common stock.
Information on Agilent's governance structure can be found
on our Investor Relations website. • Varied lengths of Board tenure with an average tenure
of nine years.
Corporate governance highlights
• Stock ownership guidelines for executive officers
and directors.
The Board is committed to sound and effective governance
practices that promote long-term stockholder value and Agilent has adopted the standards for director
strengthen Board and management accountability to our independence in compliance with the New York Stock
stockholders, customers and other stakeholders. Exchange's corporate governance listing standards. To be
considered independent, the board must determine that
• Nine of our 10 directors are independent.
a director has no material relationship with the company
• Our board is 30% female.
other than in his or her capacity as a director.
• Annual Board self-assessment process,
including peer evaluations.
• Independent standing Board committees.
• Majority voting and director resignation policy in
uncontested director elections.
• Strong independent chairperson.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
60 8Delivering on our Promises
Agilent Technologies Board of Directors
Male Female Total Number
Total board members with executive functions 1 0 1
Total non-executive directors (excluding independent directors) 0 0 0
Total independent non-executive directors on the board 6 3 9
Total Board Members 7 3 10
Anti-corruption
Agilent does business directly or indirectly in over 120
countries worldwide, each of which has its own unique
laws, customs and business practices. Agilent requires
its employees and business partners in all geographies
to conduct their business affairs with uncompromising
integrity and will not tolerate corrupt activities of any kind.
Agilent maintains a written policy against corruption that
prohibits promising, offering or giving to or receiving from,
any individual anything of value or personal benefit with
the expectation of receiving a favor, a grant of business or
any other business advantage in return. Such actions are
sometimes referred to as bribes, kickbacks or improper
quid pro quos.
Agilent is committed to complying with: Agilent managers are responsible for promoting awareness
of and enforcing compliance with the policy among their
• The laws and regulations of each country where Agilent
reports at all levels and must not actively or passively
conducts business.
authorize or ignore corrupt activities in their organization.
• The laws and regulations of the United States, including
Employees who violate the policy will be subject to
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
disciplinary action, which may include termination
• Other international anti-corruption laws and of employment. No employee will suffer adverse
regulations, including the UK Bribery Act of 2010 and the consequences for refusing to offer or make a corrupt
OECD Anti-Bribery Convention, to which 38 countries are payment, even if it may result in the loss of business.
signatories.
One hundred percent of all Agilent business units
• Agilent's policies and procedures. were analyzed for risks related to corruption during the
reporting period.
• Agilent's Standards of Business Conduct.
100% of management and non-management employees
Agilent's anti-corruption policy incorporates the common
were required to receive anti-corruption training during
elements of anti-corruption laws and regulations worldwide
the reporting period.
that apply to Agilent's business.
Agilent has a formal process for investigating and resolving
allegations of corruption should they occur.
61Good governance
Anti-competitive behavior
Competition laws, also known as
antitrust laws in the United States, vary
by country, but all share the common
underlying philosophy that competition
benefits consumers by offering higher-
quality, more innovative products and
services at lower prices.
Around the world, competition laws seek to prohibit
conduct that undermines competition, such as the
formation of cartels among competitors or the abuse
of a company's market power. Agilent understands the
Evaluation is completed by the continuous Audit team,
commitment to ensuring compliance to these laws is
which uses audit software, IDEA and Tableau, to conduct
salient to participating in the global marketplace.
semi-automated analysis of large populations of Agilent
Agilent is committed to competing vigorously and fairly in
data in order to identify errors, control deviations and
all markets in which we do business. We place the highest
potential fraud. Our tests are performed periodically
importance on maintaining compliance with competition
throughout the year, ensuring that all transactions in an
laws globally. To achieve this goal, all Agilent employees
identified population are reviewed annually.
must adhere to the following principles:
Today, Agilent runs multiple tests on data, including
Interactions with competitors purchase orders, payables, vendor data, customer data,
• Never agree with a competitor or potential competitor sales orders, expense reports, site access, etc. When
(including our own channel partners) to set the terms issues are identified in Continuous Auditing, they are
on which Agilent and its competitor will compete or addressed either directly with our internal business
whether or not they will compete. Even the appearance partners or referred to the Traditional Audit team or to the
of an agreement may be unlawful. Special Investigations team. An example of a Continuous
Auditing test is to check that users with active system
• Never discuss or exchange pricing information with any
access are still active Agilent employees or contractors.
competitor or potential competitor.
Another example is to identify duplicate payments made to
• Never allocate customers or bids between Agilent and
employees or vendors.
another company or agree that Agilent or its competitor
Agilent policy forbids anti-competitive behavior, antitrust,
will provide complementary bids to give the appearance
and monopoly practices and in the current reporting
of actual competition.
period, there was no legal action for antitrust and anti-
competitive behavior.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
62 8Delivering on our Promises
Economic performance
After 2015, Agilent launched several companywide
transformative initiatives to drive growth and probability.
We operate as one company, with one culture and a set of
core strategies.
Agilent represents a differentiated growth opportunity
with a track record of consistent economic results with
the core strategies.
Attractive returns
• History of consistently outgrowing the markets.
• Superior profitability and cash-generation.
Technology leader in attractive markets
with secular growth trends
• Leader in life science and diagnostic tools.
• End markets focused on improving the human condition
and have long-term secular growth drivers.
• Sustained R&D investment and an established leading
innovator in the industry.
Strategic capital deployment
• Focus on M&A to increase exposure in faster-growing
markets and geographies.
• Growing cash dividends.
• Consistent return of excess cash to the shareholder.
In fiscal year 2020, Agilent's "Build and Buy" growth
strategy accelerated our momentum in attractive
market opportunities.
63Good governance
Agilent integrates climate change into
its business strategy in several ways.
First, Agilent has an active sustainability program in which In addition to focusing on energy conservation, a
our ISO 14001 environmental management system is significant component of our strategy is to invest in owned
engaged to drive operations to monitor and reduce our renewable energy generation. To date, Agilent has invested
environmental impacts from energy consumption and the in over five megawatts of solar PV power and new energy
associated CO2 emissions. fuel server technology.
Secondly, Agilent recognizes that having a reputation From a business perspective, these investments have
as an environmental leader is a competitive advantage. multiple benefits, from reducing our long-term energy
This advantage allows Agilent to attract and retain the costs and hedging against future price increases to
best and brightest employees; obtain and maintain improving employee morale. We've received substantial
business from other companies who choose suppliers positive feedback from our employees regarding
with strong environmental practices; and attract investors Agilent's investment in renewable energy. From a product
interested in the same. perspective, Agilent has set objectives to reduce energy
and solvent use in certain products and we are progressing
To communicate
toward those goals. We will continue initiatives to build
our achievements,
more energy and chemical efficient products.
Agilent participates
in many external Supplier selection and procurement decisions are also
surveys including Dow influenced by climate change considerations. Since
Jones Sustainability 2004, Agilent has had in place a Supplier Code of
Index, CDP, green energy surveys, etc. Our environmental Conduct. We evaluate existing and potential suppliers on
practices and results are summarized in our annual environmental practices and compliance with relevant
Corporate Social Responsibility report, which was laws, regulations and international principles. We have
expanded for 2020 to include Sustainability Accounting developed a supplier scorecard that includes assessing
Standards Board (SASB) data. the environmental attributes of potential suppliers when
we make sourcing decisions.
Each year, Agilent implements a number of projects to
conserve energy and improve energy efficiency and thus For incumbent suppliers, Agilent conducts occasional
reduce GHG emissions. These range from upgrading audits of suppliers with potentially high environmental
lighting systems and replacing existing bulbs with lower impact and identifies opportunities for improvements
bulbs, to more involved and investment-intensive initiatives and we work together to develop and execute a corrective
such as replacing roofing to improve building insulation action plan.
and adding more energy-efficient infrastructure to our
operations.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
64 8Defined benefit plan obligations and other
retirement plans
Percentage of salary contributed by employee and employer
vary by country. Separate funds exist in some countries
to pay the plan's pension liabilities. Agilent does not track
participation in either mandatory or voluntary retirement/
pension programs in each country in which we do business.
Financial assistance received
from government
The company has negotiated tax holidays in several different
jurisdictions, most significantly in Singapore. The tax
holidays provide lower rates of taxation on certain classes
of income and require various thresholds of investments
and employment or specific types of income in those
jurisdictions. In December 2018, the tax holiday in Singapore
was renegotiated and extended through 2027. As a result of
the incentives, the impact of the tax holidays are
as follows:
• Tax holidays decreased income taxes by $71 million,
$368 million and $87 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018,
respectively.
• The benefit of the tax holidays on net income per share
(diluted) was approximately $0.23, $1.16 and $0.27 in
2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
Economic stimulus legislation was passed in many
countries in response to COVID-19. In March in the U.S., the
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act ("CARES
Act") was enacted to provide for tax relief and government
loans, subsidies and other relief for entities in affected
industries. As of October 31, 2020, the CARES Act and
other government benefits outside the U.S. did not have a
material impact on our consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures.
65Good governance
Indirect economic impacts
Agilent Technologies is committed
to conducting business in an
ethical, socially responsible and
environmentally sustainable manner.
Our citizenship objective is to be an
economic, intellectual, and social asset
to each nation and community in
which we operate.
Agilent's worldwide community programs tangibly
demonstrate the company's values and commitment
to corporate citizenship. In communities where we
operate, we contribute through the Agilent Technologies
Foundation and company grants, employee volunteerism,
and community partnerships in the areas of science
education and workplace giving campaigns. Employees
volunteer an estimated 27,500 hours to the community
every year across 20 countries and hundreds of charitable
organizations. These were supported by Agilent through
our Volunteer Time Off (VTO) program that allows
employees to take off six days per year in paid time to
volunteer in charities that align with Agilent values.
In addition, our products are found in leading research
and teaching laboratories. Our global connection to
academia also includes educational support, recruitment
of top university talent and philanthropy. Through our
"Thought Leader Program," Agilent supports scientific
advancements by leading researchers around the world.
We also contribute through financial support, products and
expertise to research in the life sciences, diagnostics and
applied chemical markets.
Agilent's philanthropic efforts, through the Agilent
Technologies Foundation, focus on education and
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
6666 8Good governance
development in life sciences, thus fostering innovation and
advancement in children's education.
The Foundation supports a range of pre-university-level
science education programs aimed at helping students
develop the critical thinking skills essential for tomorrow's
jobs. In addition, the Foundation's match of employee
and hospital, research and educational institutions giving
strengthens a broad range of nonprofit programs in
communities where Agilent has a presence.
At the global level, we partner with many organizations, in
which we identify local corporate social responsibility (CSR)
projects and support them on an ongoing basis. Agilent
Technologies Foundation also supports several major
initiatives in countries around the world in the areas of food
safety, diversity and education.
67Good governance
Supporting organizations
around the world
Following are examples of 2020 global programs that
engaged Agilent employees and were supported by the
Agilent Technologies Foundation:
Santa Clara, CA, USA Manesar-Gurgaon, India
• Second Harvest Food Bank • The Earth Saviours Foundation
• Society of Women Engineers • India Kids’ Science Day
• VA Caregiver Support and Mentoring Program
Mulgrave, Australia
• Loaves & Fishes Family Kitchen
• Junior Engineers Coding Program
• Humane Society
Penang, Malaysia
Memphis, TN, USA
• Mangrove Forest Education Centre
• Dorothy Day House
• Penang International Science Fair
Wilmington, DE, USA
Spain
• Family Promise of Northern New Castle County
• Cooperación Internacional ONG (Madrid)
• Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children
• TANU – Terrassa Ajuda a Nens D'ucrania (Barcelona)
• Cancer Support Community
Tokyo, Japan
• Delaware AeroSpace Education Foundation
• United Way Worldwide
• Ronald McDonald House of Delaware
• Japan Biology Olympiad Committee
• Girl Scouts
Waldbronn, Germany
Mexico City, Mexico
• Baden-Marathon
• SOS Children's Villages
• Girls’ Day
China
United Kingdom
• China Youth Development Foundation (Beijing)
• Cancer Research UK
• United Way (Taiwan)
• Mental Health Foundation
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
68 869Good governance
Agilent's policies and practices are
consistent with many internationally
accepted charters and principles.
Agilent used the following guidelines, charters and
principles to develop our own policies, position
statements and environmental health and safety
management systems:
• 1987 Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the
Ozone Layer and adjusted by Meetings of the Parties in
1990, 1992, 1995, and 1997; Ozone Secretariat; United
Nations Environmental Program
• The California Supply Chain Transparency Act of 2010
• Conventions of the International Labour
Organization (ILO)
• Custom Trade Partnership Against Terrorism
• Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act
• EU Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE)
Directive 2012/19/EU
• Global Reporting Initiative—GRI 4.0 sustainability
reporting guidelines
• ISO 45001:2018 – Standard for occupational health and
safety management systems
• Procurement Strategy Council
• United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and
Human Rights
• U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and those enacted
under the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery
of Foreign Public Officials in International Business
Transactions
• U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity laws and
accompanying regulations
• UK Bribery Act 2010
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
70 8Good governance Delivering on our Promises
ISO certifications:
Agilent Technologies, Inc.
• ISO 9001 Certification (Quality Management System)
• ISO 13485 Certifications (Medical Device Quality
Management System) (applicable to selected Agilent
sites only)
• ISO 14001 Certification (Environmental
Management System)
• ISO 27001 Certification (Information Security
Management System)
• Cyber Essentials Plus
Agilent CrossLab Group (ACG) Genomics Solutions Division
• ISO 13485 Medical Devices – Quality
Agilent Technologies, Rhode Island
Management Systems
• ISO 17025
• ISO 13485 Santa Clara MDSAP
• ISO 17034
• ISO 13485 Cedar Creek MDSAP
Agilent Technologies ProZyme, Inc.
Agilent Technologies Belgium
• ISO 9001 – Quality Management Systems
• ISO 13485 Medical Devices – Quality
Diagnostics and Genomics Group (DGG) Management Systems
Pathology/Reagent Partnerships/Companion • ISO/IEC 27001 – Information Security Management
Diagnostics Divisions
Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group (LSAG)
Agilent Technologies, Inc.
• ISO 9001 ACEA
• ISO 13485 Carpinteria (US)
• ISO 13485 ACEA
• MDSAP Carpinteria (US)
• ISO 9001 Agilent SLIMS
Agilent Technologies Singapore International Pte. Ltd. • ISO 27001 Agilent SLIMS
• ISO 13485 Glostrup (Denmark)
• ISO 13485 BioTek Instruments, Inc.
• MDSAP Glostrup (Denmark)
• IVD EC Certificate
71Stories from COVID-19 Julie Morley, Human Resources - UK,
joined Agilent just as the pandemic
Joining Agilent
was closing offices around the world.
The following is her recollection of
during a
the experience:
pandemic:
March 9, 2020
My first day at Agilent.
I had feelings of apprehension about joining a new
Julie Morley
company.
Will I like the people? Will I like the culture? Where should I
go for lunch?
Teeny worries back then, I know!
Any nervousness I had was quickly removed by a lovely
colleague and manager.
Yet, as the week progresses, I'm starting to hear more and
more mention of “coronavirus.” I recall the words of my HR
colleague Elaine Sutherland on my first and last Friday in
the office: “Take your laptop home, just in case.”
March 13, 2020
Dominique Grau, senior vice president of Human
Resources, asks all Agilent employees to work from home
where possible.
Oh my God, how on Earth will this work? I don’t know
anyone! How will anyone know to come to me for
anything? They haven’t a clue who I am or what I can
offer. Is my job safe?”
March 23, 2020
The UK government closed all institutions of learning.
The next few weeks will be tough, I don’t mind admitting.
I had a great onboarding experience and a great team but
really had no clue about most things Agilent-related.
Who do I go to for this? Where do I find what I need? Why
do we do it this way?
All these questions could be answered easily if I were
in the office.
72• Chats about last night’s TV shows, who’s going where
on holiday, what did they do during the weekend, what
movie did they see?
• Miss my friends, my mum’s Sunday dinners, the shops,
the pub, the nights out.
What I don’t miss: The commute! The 9-to-5 schedule!
Spending a fortune on lunches and gasoline!
What have I learned?
• That we can still chat, even if it’s just on Jabber or
Teams. I know it’s not the same and sometimes it feels
like an effort but checking in with folks really does help
the mood. Turning on the camera and seeing faces and
body language is vital for me and really helped me get
through my first year at Agilent.
• That you can run a virtual event successfully. Our
team’s Christmas celebration, for example, was one to
Like many people, we also had to contend with
remember and probably the most I’d laughed in ages.
“homeschooling” three kids, ages 13, 15 and 17.
• That we can still develop and learn new things and have
I remember days with five of us crammed around a dining
fun. We just have to be more innovative.
room table — computers, laptops, printers, wires all over the
• That I have a whole new respect for teachers!
place. Some days I just thought I couldn’t do it.
On top of all that, our house move was put on hold! • That we are a resilient species, and we are doing
amazingly well. The vaccine brings hope for a
The welcome news came a day earlier from President and
brighter 2021.
CEO Mike McMullen: there would be no COVID-19-related
layoffs or reductions to base pay, providing the reassurance My best advice
I needed.
If you’re not feeling it, tell someone.
Many of my friends had been put on furlough or lost their
We all have bad days. There’s no point sitting in front of
jobs, so I counted my blessings.
your computer for hours on end feeling unproductive.
Fast forward 12 months, and I’ve come a long way. Things
Turn off the computer, have some coffee or tea, call your
at work, and also at home, are working fine. We all seem to
friends, go for a walk — whatever escape works for you.
have adjusted to a new norm.
Be honest about how you’re feeling. Chances are your
The immediate work challenges are a distant memory now.
teammates or manager also could be struggling. We have
I still work from the dining room table, but it’s much calmer.
to work together to get through this.
Yes, I am desperate to get back to the office, though
probably not five days a week.
So, what do I miss?
• People, people, people.
• Building those relationships.
7374Our environment
Energy
Agilent has identified energy use as quarterly against targets, and appropriate adjustments
one of its significant and most material are implemented where possible. Energy consumption
is normalized by the operating footprint (in sq. ft.), by
environmental impacts. Approximately
headcount and revenue.
80% of Agilent's site energy footprint is
Agilent commissioned renewable energy projects in FY20
reported from the sites that are included
leading to an expected annual grid electricity saving of
in its annual analysis of energy use and about 3,600 MWh (13,000 GJ) with the corresponding
emissions reduction of over 2795 MT of CO2.
carbon emissions.
Globally, solar photovoltaic generation at Agilent sites
Agilent continues to focus on opportunities to reduce offset annual Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions by over
energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions, 1,500 MT in FY20.
normalized by space and headcount.
In FY20 our energy reduction per square foot was 7.2%
Improvements to operational efficiency include the against a target of 6% (FY14 baseline) which reflects some
implementation of energy saving or lower carbon impacts due to COVID-19 restrictions but also incorporates
emissions projects and continued utility usage some increases in production and site operations globally.
communication. Opportunities to install more efficient More significantly, however, Agilent's energy reduction per
systems and those with a reduced carbon footprint are site headcount was a significant 25% against the same 6%
considered in facilities projects and the corporation has target, which corresponds to headcount and operational
taken a long-term view in terms of economic payback. increases to meet production demand.
Performance related to 10-year global objectives to reduce
Energy consumption per US$ annual revenue continues
normalized energy consumption and associated GHG
to follow a downward trend achieving a reduction of 12%
emissions by 10% is monitored quarterly. A revised goal to
since our FY14 baseline.
reduce GHG emissions by 25% by the end of 2025 (25 by
Of particular note is the 16% reduction in Agilent's
25)has been set and will be reviewed annually.
site carbon footprint since FY14, a great achievement
Energy use is determined to be Agilent's most significant
considering that all of these metrics now include
environmental aspect, consuming approximately 160,000
increases in operating overheads, consumption and
MWh (575,000 GJ) in FY20 (this amounted to about 52,000
emissions from sites added to Agilent's portfolio from
MT of Agilent's scope 1 + 2 greenhouse gas emissions).
the beginning of FY20.
Consumption is primarily from the use of electricity
(indirect) and gas or fuel oil for heating or on-site electricity
generation (direct). Energy consumption is tracked
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
6 12 13 15 75Our environment
Energy consumption within the organization
Consumption by fuel type (renewable) 2020 2019 2018
On-site solar power generation (Gigajoules-GJ) 16,867 6,809 5,501
Consumption by fuel type (Non-renewable) 2020 2019 2018
(Gigajoules-GJ)
Natural gas 173,305 143,273 117,033
Diesel fuel 304 1,323 3,584
Propane 2,167 1,961 1,359
Total consumption from non-renewable 175,776 146,557 121,976
fuel sources
Energy consumed (Gigajoules-GJ) 2020 2019 2018
Electricity 353,851 360,166 365,251
Heating 20,671 19,693 45,781
Total energy consumption 374,522 379,859 411,032
Total energy consumed (Gigajoules-GJ) 2020 2019 2018
Overall total energy consumption 567,165 533,225 538,509
The Frederick and Lexington sites have now been added to the site utilities portfolio which has increased the overall
Scope 1 and Scope 2 energy consumption metrics
7766Energy consumption outside of the organization
Non-renewable energy categories/activities 2020 2019 2018
(metric tonnes of CO2e)
Upstream: employee commuting 7,644 10,031 7,378
Upstream: transportation and distribution 101,453 139,715 122,469
Upstream: business travel 6,173 19,255 23,742
Total external non-renewable 115,270 169,001 153,589
energy consumption
Data from Fleet is applicable only for U.S. employee commuting. Air/rail data includes worldwide employee business
travel. COVID-19 travel restrictions in FY20 led to a significant reduction in business travel.
In FY20, we are reporting:
• Global Air/Rail business travel = 6,173 MT CO2e
• Commuting TOTAL = 7,644 MT CO2e
• Commuting Fleet = 6,911 MT (USA only)
• Commuting (Rental) = 733 MT (Global)
77Our environment
Logistics emission
Scope 3 Emissions tCO2e FY20 FY19 FY18
FedEx 9,120 12,738 10,124
DHL Freight and 37,034 46,056 41,278
Forwarding
DHL Express tCO2e 8,002 7,438 6,864
kWe tCO2 47,297 73,483 64,203
Energy intensity
2020 2019 2018
Numerator (kWh) 159,781,314 146,060,472 144,610,893
Denominator (sq ft) 3,990,082 3,812,399 3,812,399
Energy Intensity kWh/sq ft 40.04 38.31 37.93
Reduction of energy consumption
Energy reduction from projects 2020 2019 2018
Electricity reduction (GJ) from projects 12,992 3,107 28,841
commenced during the financial year
7788Reductions in energy requirements
of products and services
Agilent is improving the energy efficiency of selected
products/product families, including instruments with
high energy consumption. Associated benefits for this
sustainability focus include reductions in carbon footprint,
water use, waste and chemicals.
Most of the energy savings achieved are based on two
key factors:
• The increased type and volume of tests that can be
conducted, thus increasing tests per watt.
• Enhanced existing product features, thus bringing
more measurement capabilities to the same product
footprint.
We have a list of best examples for products reducing
energy consumption:
• Intuvo 9000 GC
• 5800/5900 ICP-OES
• 8700 LDIR
• Cary 3500 UV-Vis
• TwisTorr 305 turbo pumps
Agilent provides solutions for the environmental
measurement market and helps customers in areas like air
analysis and monitoring, environmental exposure, water
analysis as well as the analysis of soils, sludges
and sediments.
Agilent will continue to look for opportunities to improve the
environmental performance of our products as part of the
continuous improvement strategy of our EHS management
system (ISO 14001 certificate) and the commitment to
a sustainable future. For more information, please see
Agilent Sustainability Innovation’s New Frontier.
7799Our environment
Water and effluents
Water use has been identified as one of Agilent's globally A target of a 20% reduction in normalized municipal water
significant environmental aspects. Targets to monitor and consumption over the next 10 years from a FY14 baseline
reduce municipal water usage where possible are tracked has been established.
on a quarterly basis and reported to senior management.
The normalized reduction (by total operational square foot
Trends are validated and any remedial action was taken as
and by site headcount) was 12% and 26% respectively at
necessary to meet expectations.
the end of FY20, against a reduction target of 12%.
Water withdrawal
Water withdrawal 2020 2019 2018
1000 m3
Ground water 119 136 157
Municipal water supplies 307 347 341
or other water utilities
Total water withdrawal/ 426 483 498
consumption
Normalized withdrawal 0.121 0.137 0.141
(m3/site sq ft)
Total municipal water consumption compared to FY14 baseline
Global Americas Asia Pacific Europe
Normalized: m3/ -12% +2% -28% -3%
square footage
Normalized m3/ -26% -12% -42% -16%
headcount
Groundwater is extracted from our sites in Turino (Italy) making this a global total groundwater withdrawal of
(110,234 m3) and Manesar (India) (9,276 m3). about 119,000 cubic meters.
Agilent sites do not withdraw water from sources that are No noted significant water recycling has been noted for
significantly affected by withdrawal. FY19 that is significant and measurable. Many sites have
internal recycling processes in place (e.g., reuse of water
Most of our manufacturing site water comes directly from
for toilet facilities or recycling within various internal
the city water supply. However, the following sites draw
production operations) but is not currently measured
some water from the local aquifer: Manesar; Torino. Of
and reported.
those sites, Manesar withdrew about 9,000 cubic meters,
and Torino withdrew about 110,000 cubic meters in FY20,
8081Our environment
Emissions
Direct emissions are associated with heating or on-site Agilent commissioned renewable energy projects in FY20
electricity generation only. This aspect is considered to leading to an expected annual grid electricity saving of
be among the most significant of Agilent Environmental about 3,600 MWh (13,000 GJ) with a corresponding
Aspects, being incorporated in the energy reporting emissions reduction of about 2795 MT of CO2.
sections. Manesar, India is the only site where there is
The energy consumed in FY20 of approximately 160,000
routine generation of electricity using kerosene/diesel fuels.
MWh (525,000 GJ) amounts to about 52,000 MT of
Agilent's only direct Scope 1 emissions arise from the greenhouse gases. Consumption and carbon emissions
on-site combustion of fuel for heating or local electricity are primarily from the use of electricity (indirect) and gas or
generation. The associated consumption as well as fuel oil for heating or on-site electricity generation (direct).
improvements to operational efficiency are included in the Carbon emissions are tracked quarterly and normalized by
Energy reporting sections. the operating footprint (in sq ft) and by headcount.
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
GHG emissions in metric 2020 2019 2018
tons of CO2e
Gross direct (Scope 1) 10,961 9,192 7,518
GHG emissions
Direct (Scope 1) GHG 2020 2019 2018
emissions by gas (CO2e)
CO2 9,380 7,693 6,317
CH4 252 239 191
N2O 1,329 1,260 1,010
Standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation tools used for direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions:
• Defra Voluntary Reporting Guidelines
• Energy Information Administration 1605(b)
• IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, 2006
• US EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule
• Electricity and Gas:
• Latest available data on the Jan. 1, 2020 - ref: IEA 2019 Report and US EPA eGRID 2018 Data
• Stationary fuel consumption: 2012 Defra
• Global warming potential: IPCC Report
82Delivering on our Promises
Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
GHG Emissions in metric tons of CO2e 2020 2019 2018
Gross location-based indirect (Scope 2) GHG 41,705 39,735 54,350
emissions
Total direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 10,961 9,192 7,518
Total (Scope 1) + (Scope 2) GHG emissions 52,666 48,927 61,868
Source of emissions factors and the GWP rates used: Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions categories
and activities included in the calculation:
Latest available data on the Jan. 1, 2020 - ref: IEA 2019
Report and US EPA eGRID 2018 Data 1. Energy consumption (electricity, natural gas, kerosene,
propane)
Standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation
tools used for Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions: 2. Inbound and outbound logistics
• Defra Voluntary Reporting Guidelines 3. Employee business travel
• Energy Information Administration 1605(b) 4. U.S. fleet program
• IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas
Standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or
Inventories, 2006
calculation tools used for indirect (Scope 3)
• US EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule GHG emissions:
1. Latest available data on the Jan. 1, 2020 - ref: IEA 2019
Report and US EPA eGRID 2018 Data
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
2. For stationary fuel consumption (i.e., natural gas) Defra
2015 standards are used. Details are available at http://
GHG emissions 2020 2019 2018
www.ukconversionfactorscarbonsmart.co.uk/.
in metric tons
CO2e
Additional comments:
Gross and other 115,270 169,001 153,589 1. Agilent FY14 Scope 3 emissions given above comprised
indirect (Scope 3) 28,184 metric tons CO2 (logistics), 21,131 metric tons
GHG emissions
CO2 equivalent ( business travel ) and 6,862 MT related
to fleet/commuting.
83Our environment
GHG emissions intensity
Scope 1+2 CO2e 2020 2019 2018 2014 Estimated
Baseline*
GHG emissions 0.01320 0.01283 0.01623 0,0169
intensity ratio: MT
of CO2e per site
square footage
*Number estimated following the Agilent-Keysight business separation.
Our emissions intensity numbers represent the metric tons of emissions, per square foot of our sites.
To determine that metric, we divide greenhouse gas emissions by site square footage. Our 2014 intensity
data serves as our baseline.
Reduction of GHG emissions
2020 2019 2018
Total GHG reductions (metric tons CO2e) 2,795* 492 5,700
*Projects commenced in FY20 and due to be operational in
early FY21: expected CO2e reduction (MT)
Initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, including the areas where the initiatives were implemented:
Annualized reductions are theoretically based on the predicted reduction in electricity usage as a direct result of GHG
reduction projects in FY20. The 2795 MT GHGe quoted is the total expected annualized reduction in usage and not the
actual total realized in FY20 as these projects were completed over the duration of FY20 and early in FY21.
84Delivering on our Promises
Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)
Agilent does not use, produce, import or export Ozone • The small quantities of ODSs contained in some
Depleting Substances (ODS) prohibited under the Montreal of Agilent’s analytical standards comply with
Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer. international legislation for their manufacture, use
Agilent uses very small amounts in the formulation of and product labeling.
analytical standards which are largely used as references
• Agilent Technologies modifies its program as needed
by analytical labs in the pursuit of their detection in
to address amendments to the Montreal Protocol, U.S.,
the environment.
European and other international requirements.
• Agilent Technologies eliminated chlorofluorocarbons
• Guidance for eliminating and managing the use of
(CFCs), carbon tetrachloride and 1,1,1-trichloroethane
ODSs at Agilent sites is contained in the Agilent ODS
use in worldwide manufacturing processes during 1993.
Elimination Guideline.
• Agilent has also eliminated Class I, II and III ODSs
in its air conditioning systems, process chillers and
environmental chambers. Procurement practices are in
place to prevent the inadvertent reintroduction of ODSs
into processes where they have been eliminated.
• Under Agilent’s product supplier agreements, suppliers
warrant that goods and their packaging shall comply
with applicable environmental, health and safety laws,
rules and regulations, including Agilent’s General
Specification for the Environment (GSE).
Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx) and other significant air emissions
2020 2019 2018
NOx emissions (MT) for Scope 1 1,329 1,260 1,010
NOx intensity. Factored against base figure: MT / sq ft 0.000333 0.000330 0.000265
Source of emission factors used:
• Stationary fuel consumption: 2012 Defra
• Global warming potentials: IPCC Report
• Latest available data on the Jan. 1, 2020 - ref: IEA 2019 Report and US EPA eGRID 2018 Data.
85Our environment
Effluents and waste
Waste is identified as one of Agilent's
significant environmental aspects.
Waste management objectives and
targets are listed in Agilent's Global ISO
14001 program. Performance criteria
are reviewed every quarter with any
adjustment to the metrics or program
made on an annual basis.
In FY20, the overall global solid waste diversion
from landfill goal was 95% and Agilent diverted 90% from
landfill. Landfilled waste comprised only of solid waste
(2.7% of total) and no hazardous waste was landfilled.
Waste objectives for FY21 include a continued focus on a
reduction in hazardous waste at three of Agilent's largest
hazardous waste generation sites by 10%.
Water discharge by quality and destination
Water discharge is not tracked separately and is almost
directly linked to the site water consumption. Some sites
do have small waste treatment facilities where
wastewater is discharged and subject to strict compliance
expectations. More concentrated aqueous wastes are
collected separately and disposed appropriately as
hazardous wastes.
86 86Our environment
Waste by type and disposal method
Method of disposal and weight (metric tons) of 2020 2019 2018
non-hazardous waste
Reuse 0 0 0
Recycling 1,797 1,915 4,027
Composting 154 388 242
Recovery (including energy recovery) 0 0 0
Incineration (mass burn) 352 374 256
Deep well injection 0 0 0
Landfill 261 470 326
On-site storage 0 0 0
Total weight of non-hazardous waste disposed 2,564 3,147 4,851
Method of disposal and weight (metric tons) of 2020 2019 2018
hazardous waste
Reuse 0 0 0
Recycling 1,507 1,614 1,543
Composting 0 0 0
Recovery (including energy recovery) 0 0 0
Incineration (mass burn) 2,833 981 614
Deep well injection 0 0 0
Landfill 0 0 0
On-site storage 0 0 0
Treated 2,837 2,378 2,227
Total weight of non-hazardous waste disposed 7,177 4,973 4,384
Total weight of non-hazardous and hazardous 9,741 8,120 9,235
waste disposed
87Our environment
Significant spills nearing this absolute target. Focus on reducing hazardous
In FY20, there were no significant spills at Agilent sites or wastes continues with highest contributors being targeted
caused by Agilent operations. for reductions.
Transport of hazardous waste The management approach and its components
Currently, we do not have any transboundary waste Agilent's Environmental, Health and Safety policy (EHS)
shipments under the Basel Convention. outlines a fundamental corporate commitment to
reductions in pollution (emissions) and conservation of
Water bodies affected by water resources (energy) and drives operations to meet long term
discharges and/or runoff
environmental sustainability goals.
No water bodies and related habitats are impacted by any
A target of a 20% reduction in normalized municipal water
discharges of water or runoff by Agilent’s operations.
consumption over the next 10 years from a FY14 baseline
has been established.
Environmental compliance
Performance criteria are reviewed every quarter with any
Agilent operates an Environmental Management adjustment to the metrics or program made on an annual
System (EMS) that conforms to the requirements of basis, or more frequently, if necessary.
ISO 14001:2015 and strategic sites operate under a single
Since we declared our commitment to sustainability
companywide externally endorsed certificate. The EMS
in 2000, the company has continued to improve its
provides a structure for identifying and mitigating Agilent's
sustainability performance in all areas. In FY20, Agilent
environmental risks. The systematic identification of
reported zero alleged regulation compliance violations and
its significant aspects and impacts, implementation of
accordingly there were no monetary fines or penalties.
controls, measurement of performance and the setting of
improvement objectives ensures that Agilent continues to
operate in an environmentally sustainable manner.
A key part of this process is the identification of significant
environmental aspects and impacts.
Agilent has identified energy use as one of its significant
and most material environmental impacts. Approximately
80% of Agilent's site energy footprint is reported from the
sites that are included in its annual analysis of energy use
and carbon emissions.
Similarly, water use has been identified as one of
Agilent's globally significant environmental aspects.
Targets to monitor and reduce municipal water usage
where possible are tracked on a quarterly basis and
reported to senior management.
Waste arisings have also been identified as one of Agilent's
significant environmental aspects. Agilent has endeavored
to divert 95% of its global solid waste from landfill and is
8889Stories from COVID-19
Agilent CTO
expands STEM
education reach:
Darlene Solomon
Darlene Solomon, chief technology officer, was elected a
Distinguished Lecturer for the Institute of Electrical and
Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Engineering in Medicine and
Biology Society (EMBS) in late 2019. IEEE is the world’s
largest technical professional organization dedicated to
advancing technology for the benefit of humanity. The
EMBS group within IEEE focuses on cutting edge trends
and developments in biomedical engineering.
Pre-pandemic, the intent was for Distinguished Lecturers to
attend and present at one or two conferences per year. But
COVID-19 forced the move to virtual meetings.
As a result, Solomon was able to accept numerous
keynote invitations, speaking at multi-university, student-
led conferences around the world, including an event
hosted by the University of Moratuwa, Sri Lanka’s leading
technological higher education institute, as well as IEEE
student conferences in Portugal, Canada and Turkey.
90“Serving as a Distinguished Lecturer has provided a great
opportunity to encourage these very talented university-
level students to continue to pursue their passion for
Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) and
relentlessly seek out new ways to advance the quality of
life,” said Solomon. “I’m thrilled that virtual events have
allowed us to greatly expand the number of students we
can reach through this IEEE program.”
Solomon’s keynote lectures are most often focused on
“Life Science Megatrends Shaping Our Future.” She explains
how the technology and market drivers of the 21st century
are rooted in our advancing understanding of biology, in
contrast to what had been previously based on the physical
sciences. Precision medicine, oligonucleotide therapeutics
and the digital lab are a few of the areas she highlights,
and which have consistently generated the strongest
student interest.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
91 8 992Delivering on our Promises
Customer health
and safety
Agilent Technologies Product Safety & Regulations Policy environmental aspects and impacts of our products as
has been integrated into the Agilent Quality Policy. At demonstrated by Agilent’s ISO 14001 certificate, which is
Agilent, we define quality as customer-perceived value. regularly audited by an external party.
We know our customers want the best return on their
Agilent did not receive any regulatory non-compliance
investment. That’s why we ensure, through our Quality
notices for the reporting period.
Management System (QMS), that our products and
services are delivered to the level and quality our
Marketing and labeling
customers expect.
Agilent complies with required labeling for substance
Our QMS is built upon a Quality Policy aligned with
identification in our products in accordance with required
our customer expectations: Agilent will earn customer
regulations, and safe use guidance for products produced
loyalty by providing trusted answers through continuous
by Agilent. Agilent follows document processes to assess
improvement of products and services, and interactions of
the labeling requirements of our products and services for
the highest quality and greatest value.
compliance with these guidelines.
To achieve this result, we will:
Requirements for product and service
• Ensure that all of our products comply with applicable
information and labeling
safety and regulatory requirements.
Annually Agilent communicates materials specifications
• Ensure our products meet or exceed their published
through the “General Specifications for Environment” sent
specifications.
to its suppliers to inform them of banned chemicals/
• Maintain and continually improve the effectiveness materials that should not be included in material/parts/
of our product and service business management products bought by Agilent, to ensure compliance with
systems to conform at a minimum to ISO 9001 Quality global regulations, and to minimize the environmental
Management Standard or more stringent or legally impact of its products and operations. Agilent also provides
required standards as dictated by specific markets. Material Safety Data Sheets with Agilent and third party-
provided chemicals supplied standalone or with products
• Continually monitor and improve customers’
for safe use. Agilent and OEM products and battery labels
total experience.
include a waste container symbol for proper disposal.
• Establish quality requirements for suppliers, partners
The company also operates an end-of-life customer
and contractors and hold them accountable to comply.
returns system. In addition, Agilent provides end-of-life
• Treat customers in accordance with Agilent’s Standards
management options where legally required. Reuse
of Business Conduct and Privacy policies.
programs are offered for selected Agilent products. The
programs address the requirements posed by the European
Assessment of impacts of product and service
categories WEEE (Waste from Electrical & Electronic Equipment)
Directive. Please see Agilent’s Take Back Program.
Agilent’s quality and environmental policies mandate
that we provide products and services that meet legal Agilent had no incidents of non-compliance regarding
and regulatory requirements, including applicable products or non-compliance issues regarding labeling. In
environmental, health and safety standards. Agilent addition, Agilent did not have any non-compliance incidents
is committed to a continuous improvement of the for product-related claims during the reporting period.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
3 93Customer health and safety
Customer privacy
At Agilent, protecting the privacy of our employees and
customers is critical to our success. We treat the collection
and use of personal data with sensitivity and in accordance
with applicable laws and regulations. Data privacy is
embedded in every aspect of our business. Our global
privacy program focuses on ensuring that our policies,
processes and operations meet the demands placed on us
by customers, employees, regulators and most of all, our
own commitment to the protection of personal data. This
includes a continued focus on expanding our program in
light of newly emerging regulations such as Brazil’s General
Data Protection Law ― Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados and
the California’s Consumer Privacy Act.
In 2018, Agilent successfully implemented a
comprehensive program to comply with the EU General
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We completed a
thorough analysis of how and where we collect, process
and store personal data, and updated our standard
operating procedures, policies and processes as necessary
in order to comply with the new GDPR requirements.
We designed new processes, including Data Subject
Requests and Data Protection Impact Assessment
Processes, to address new obligations under the GDPR,
which will enable us to help our customers, as needed,
for them to comply with their obligations under the GDPR.
Agilent personnel received training on GDPR requirements
and on Agilent’s obligations as both a data controller and
data processor.
To further embed privacy in every aspect of our
business, Agilent established a Data Privacy Board with
senior management across the entire business,
94 94Customer health and safety
complemented by dedicated Privacy Champions in each
function, responsible for acting as the voice of privacy
in their area. We have leveraged and expanded these
processes to address newly emerging privacy regulations
across the globe.
Agilent has an ongoing privacy program and full details
of how we treat personal data which can be found in our
privacy statement here. Agilent has appointed a Data
Protection Officer to comply with the requirements of the
GDPR and to safeguard Agilent’s ongoing commitment
to protecting personal data. If you have any questions
on Agilent’s privacy program, please contact our Data
Protection Officer at data-protection.officer@agilent.com.
Agilent is unaware of any complaints regarding breaches
of customer privacy or loss of data. Agilent’s global privacy
program has implemented new policies and procedures
to address GDPR as well as newly emerging privacy
regulations across the globe, including but not limited to
updated incident reporting procedures.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
3 8 10 95The One Agilent
experience
Diversity & inclusion
Agilent rethinks the nonprofit committed to challenging racial injustice, ending
Black employee experience mass incarceration and protecting the human rights of
some of society’s most vulnerable people.
2020 will long be remembered as the year of both the
COVID-19 pandemic and widespread racial and social Asking employees for insights
unrest in the U.S. The death of African American George McMullen also understood
Floyd, killed at the hands of a white police officer, was that it was important to
captured on video and shared, touching off nationwide begin a dialogue with
protests, civil unrest and international concern. Black employees to better
President Mike McMullen quickly reached out to employees understand any concerns
in an email, saying, “I cannot remain silent.” they might have and to gain
insights on their experiences
He continued, “Our core values and culture couldn’t be more
at Agilent. Working with
at odds with the actions of the arresting police officers.
Chief HR Officer Dominique Grau and Erica Wright, vice
I want you to know our company stands firmly against
president, HR Global Talent and the highest-ranking Black
racism and injustice. Agilent is built on a foundation of
woman at Agilent, a series of focus groups were set up to
respect, fairness and working together as ONE team. …
hear from Black employees.
Our mission is all about making the world a better place
and improving the quality of life. We can do this by being Participants were invited to speak directly to the company
an example of inclusion and openness to those who are CEO and members of his team, and promised complete
different from us.” confidentiality and an open dialogue. For McMullen and
others, it was an opportunity to listen and learn.
He announced that Agilent had made a donation of
$100,000 to the Equal Justice Initiative, a U.S. based “It was hard to hear that some Black employees have had
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
96 10experiences that don’t always reflect the Agilent values. meeting, virtually, in January 2021. The group now
Some comments also applied to other underrepresented has nearly 200 members, including managers and
groups at Agilent. We obviously still have work to do here,” employees.
Wright said.
• They have developed plans for activities to improve the
“But many good learnings and suggestions came from Black experience at Agilent, inviting all employees and
these meetings. We’re taking those learnings and moving allies to participate, learn and support their cause.
forward, addressing issues and making changes to ensure
As a result of the Black experience focus group
that we all live up to our Agilent values, every single day.”
conversations, employees have expressed interest in
starting more Employee Network Groups, including LGBT+
Participant feedback led to changes
and Hispanic organizations.
Several changes have been implemented:
By year-end, Agilent hired an Associate Vice
• All managers will be required to complete unconscious
President, Diversity and Inclusion: Patrice Jimerson, who
bias training and apply these learnings in their daily
brings 25+ years of expertise in Diversity and Inclusion.
work; to date, 75% have taken this course.
Learn more on the next page.
• Next, all employees will be required to complete
unconscious bias training.
• The Council of Black Employees (CoBE), a new
employee network group, was launched by Black
employees who volunteered for the leadership roles
after the focus group meetings.
• CoBE started organizing in 2020 and held its first
97The One Agilent experience
Associate vice president, Update on Employee
Diversity & Inclusion hired Network Groups
Patrice Jimerson joined Council of Black
Agilent as associate vice Employees (CoBE),
president, Diversity and our newest Employee
Inclusion, in October 2020. As Network Group (ENG),
Agilent’s global leader for D&I, was suggested by
Patrice will develop strategies employees participating
and approaches that ensure all in focus groups about
employees feel included and the Black experience
respected, and their diverse at Agilent. Volunteers
perspectives are valued and appreciated. This emphasis on started organizing in 2020 and signed up for leadership
inclusivity supports and enhances our One Agilent culture, roles, planning and conducting their first virtual meeting in
where we work as a global, cross-functional, collaborative January 2021. Open to all employees, attendance at CoBE
team relying on a broad set of experiences and viewpoints virtual events is growing quickly and attracting a wide
to achieve the best possible results. variety of participants.
Patrice was most recently with IT consulting company
Appirio, where she served as the global diversity leader and
director of onboarding and engagement. She also has held
key diversity and inclusion positions at Anthem Blue Cross
Blue Shield, the nonprofit Online Computer Library Center,
and Northrup Grumman Aerospace Systems.
She holds a bachelor’s degree in management and
economics from Earlham College in Richmond, Indiana,
INSPIRE, founded in Denmark, aims to help newcomers in
and has earned advanced diversity and inclusion
particular develop global networks and further their career.
certifications from Cornell and Georgetown Universities.
They have a strong buddy program to help new hires get to
know their local and global colleagues and also understand
the business. Their extensive variety of fun and educational
activities literally offers something for everyone, drawing
diverse colleagues together, especially while many worked
remotely throughout the pandemic.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
98 8 10Society for Women in Engineering (SWE)
SWE@Agilent ENG, Agilent’s
oldest employee network
group, focuses on building
educational, personal and
career opportunities for anyone
who identifies as female, working in engineering and other
technical careers, as well as in non-technical areas. The
group participates in Society for Women in Engineering
(SWE) national and regional conferences, sharing Agilent
experiences with over 200 prospective candidates at the
2020 career fair, attending workshops and participating
in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM)
outreach activities with students. Internal activities include
hosting a two-day virtual conference and ongoing events
like book club meetings, networking opportunities and
quarterly webinars.
Women@Agilent, in the
spirit of building a gender-
inclusive workplace, focuses
on advancing the professional
and personal development
of anyone identifying as
female. The group added
new chapters in Brazil and
Spain this year. In addition, they have chapters in Australia/
New Zealand, Carpinteria, Delaware, Germany, Korea,
Santa Clara, Singapore, a virtual global Instrument
Manufacturing group and our newest chapter, Women@
Agilent – Global Community.
Started in 2020, Women@Agilent – Global Community
is a virtual group, intended to bring employees from
all countries and backgrounds together to learn about
topics relevant to anyone who identifies as female in
the workplace. Meetings have ranged from candid
conversations about “Male Allyship” to senior female
leaders revealing “I Wish I Had Known” experiences and
insights from their younger career days.
With perfect timing, they launched just days before
COVID-19 led to employees switching to working
remotely. Within months, they had created an inclusive
community with more than 1,000 colleagues participating
in their quarterly webcasts, interactive discussions with
leaders and online community activities on Agilent’s
internal social platform.
99The One Agilent experience
Accelerating women in Finance:
pilot program launched
Annette Leder, vice president, Finance, saw an opportunity These women joined the program and were assigned
to accelerate the pace for women in Finance who aimed clear objectives and goals to achieve. The group met every
to progress through the ranks. As the only female who two weeks with a talented internal coach/mentor and,
currently reports directly to the chief financial officer, she in addition, they met with many other professionals to
was determined to make a difference and came up with an complete “homework.”
idea to help make that happen.
Thorough evaluations set the stage for training
She did her research and used her personal experience to
Participants learned about their strengths and potential
create a yearlong pilot training program that would help
areas for improvement by completing professional
build a robust pipeline of future female executives.
assessments. That information was used to help tailor
the training to meet their needs. Personal coaches
helped enhance voice and presentation skills while other
sessions addressed general leadership skills, strategic
thinking and more.
The first pilot program ended in June 2021 and Leder
reported that all involved would agree it’s been a great
success. “I can see that these women have grown and
learned from this experience. They’re more confident
because they know what skills are required and they’ve
started building those skills. They’re well prepared to take
on more responsibility in the future,” she said.
Participants appreciated the opportunity, telling Leder,
“We are so fortunate and thankful to have this experience –
we can’t believe our good luck!”
Next group begins
Leder has just started the process to select the second
cohort of the program with four more early career women
from the Finance team. In the future, she hopes portions of
the program can be tailored to work in other departments
where acceleration of women may be needed.
“Many leadership skills are like building blocks, so they
transfer nicely to all facets of the business,” she said. “I’m
working with Human Resources to discuss this approach
The Women’s Acceleration Program was created to help and see if, in the long run, this type of program could help
early career women who had talent and potential but us develop a more robust pipeline of Agilent women in
lacked visible opportunities to demonstrate those higher- many departments.”
level skills.
Finance senior leaders met and recommended four
women for the pilot who met Leder’s specific requirements.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
100 8 9Delivering on our Promises
International Women’s Day:
Singapore unites with #EachforEqual
On March 6, Singapore employees celebrated International
Women's Day and showed their support for this year’s
theme, #EachforEqual, which calls for everyone to work
together to achieve gender equity.
The site’s Diversity and Inclusion pillar gave away
cookies baked by a local charity that supports low
income women. Employees enjoyed posing while making
the “equal” sign with their arms and discussing what
#EachforEqual means to them.
Almost half the workforce at Agilent Singapore is female.
Their Leadership Survey results indicate that over 85% of
employees believe people here are treated fairly regardless
of their age, race and sex.
101The One Agilent experience
2020 Diversity &
inclusion initiatives
We sponsored career events and invested We recognize important days such as:
in mentorship programs including: • International Women’s Day – We continued to celebrate
our Employee Network Groups, particularly Society for
• Society for Women in Engineering (SWE)
Women in Engineering and Women@Agilent who make
• National Organization for the Professional Advancement
it possible for women to stay connected through a
of Black Chemists and Chemical Engineers (NOBCChE)
particularly tough year.
• WomenHack
• National Hispanic Heritage Month – We participated in
• Australian Indigenous Mentoring Experience (AIME) the largest virtual gathering of Hispanics in STEM.
• IGNITE Program in Australia • Disability Employment Awareness Month - For over
a decade, Agilent has been a proud partner of
• SJSU 2020 Silicon Valley Women in Engineering
Hope Services, providing employment opportunities
• Santa Clara University's Diversity Works Expo & Fair
for those with developmental disabilities.
We continue to promote the advancement of women
leaders through programs such as Get on Board, a virtual
summit helping women leaders ascend to board seats;
G100; and Women in the C-Suite.
Our Emerging Leaders Program, with 37 participants in 12
countries, offers unparalleled training opportunities to the
next generation of leaders for our company.
We co-sponsor the Darlene Solomon Award, which
recognizes and supports promising women scientists.
As Agilent’s Chief Technology Officer, Solomon works
closely with Agilent’s businesses to define the company’s
technology strategy and R&D priorities.
We are partnering with organizations and universities to
promote diversity, including HBCU Connect, the largest
student and alumni organization of Historically Black
College and University supporters; Professional Diversity
Network (PDN); UC Berkeley SWE Shadow an Engineer Day;
and Hope Services, which provides jobs for people with
developmental disabilities.
We implemented new recruiting and staffing tools to
enhance diversity & inclusion, like Textio, a resource to help
us further reinforce a culture of belonging by enhancing the
language we use in our job descriptions and employment
related content.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
102 8 10“People tend to think of diversity in terms of
racial and gender statistics. But at Agilent we
recognize that representation is just one piece
of a broader puzzle.
"That’s why, to create systematic change, we are
focusing on processes, policies, and practices, not
just numbers. Otherwise we risk leaving people
out of the conversation.
"Agilent has always done a good job of attracting
great talent. Today we are more committed than
ever to fostering a workplace where that talent
wants to be, where everyone feels equally valued
and encouraged to thrive.
"We know there are no shortcuts, but that’s OK –
we’re in this for the long haul. When I consider how
strong our foundation is and how steadfast we
are in our commitment to become even better, I’m
certain that there has never been a more exciting
time to be part of the One Agilent family.”
Patrice Jimerson
Associate Vice President of Diversity & Inclusion
103The One Agilent experience
Diversity and equal opportunity
Diversity of governance bodies
Agilent has a longstanding commitment to diversity and
inclusion and believes that a wide variety of perspectives and employees
yields richer results for customers, partners and
Agilent has 10 directors that
employees. Agilent recognizes the potential of every
serve on the board.
employee and continues to strive to make Agilent's values
a true part of the company culture. Agilent has been
recognized by Forbes as one of America's Best Employers Board members: % of total
for Diversity 2020, and by the Great Place to Work Institute
Male/female 7/3
(GPWI) as a 2020 Best Workplace in Biotechnology and
Pharmaceuticals. GPWI also honored China and Singapore Under 30 years of age 0%
on their list of Asia’s Great Places to Work.
Between 30-50 years of age 0%
Agilent’s annual Leadership Survey includes questions
related to diversity and inclusion.
Greater than 50 years of age 100%
Globally, and at various levels in the company, we monitor
gender, race, ethnicity and, in certain locations, veteran
Percentage of employees and
status and individuals with disabilities.
managers by gender:
As part of Agilent’s commitment to diversity and
inclusion, Agilent’s CEO is one of more than 2,000 CEOs Employees Managers
around the world who have joined the CEO Action for
Diversity & Inclusion to leverage their individual and Male 60.2% 69.6%
collective voices in the advancement of diversity and
Female 39.8% 30.4%
inclusion in the workplace.
We also published our second annual Diversity and Undisclosed 0.1% -
Inclusion report, which provides more detailed statistics
from 2020. The percentage of employees and
managers by age group:
Employees Managers
Under 30 years 10.2% 0.5%
of age
Between 30-50 65.3% 57.7%
years of age
Greater than 50 24.6% 41.8%
years of age
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
104 10105The One Agilent experience
Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men
The following data indicates the salary ratio of men to women by employee category. The ratios shown were calculated by
determining the average comparative ratio (compa-ratio) of pay for men and women in each employee category, then dividing
the average compa-ratio for men by the average compa-ratio for women.
Compa-ratio indicates an individual’s pay position versus the midpoint of the pay range for the assigned job.
Compa-ratio: Agilent salary ratio of men to women by employee category
Group Male Female Male vs. Female
Leadership (Officers, Execs, SM) 1.00 0.99 1.01
Tech 0.94 0.93 1.01
Non-tech 0.93 0.93 1.00
Total global workforce 0.93 0.93 1.00
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
106 8 10Delivering on our Promises
Human Rights
Agilent acknowledges, respects, and • Ethical business conduct: Agilent’s standards of
business conduct require that business be conducted
uses the fundamental principles
with honesty and reflect high ethical standards that
contained in the Universal Declaration of
are the basis for achieving our goals. The standards
Human Rights as a guide. Agilent’s core establish clear ethical guidelines for how we do
values and culture reflect a commitment business and establish accountability. All employees are
expected to comply with these standards.
to ethical business practices and good
• Agilent Technologies’ supplier environmental and
corporate citizenship. Our policies and
social responsibility code of conduct: Agilent’s
practices require Agilent to conduct our
suppliers are required to support and promote the
business with uncompromising integrity fundamental human rights referenced in this document.
and promote human rights within the In addition, Agilent also requires supplier compliance to
company’s sphere of influence. human rights throughout their operations (including but
not limited to the operations of their own suppliers and
• Freely chosen employment: Agilent supports the any permitted sub-contractors) in accordance with the UN
elimination of all forms of forced, bonded or involuntary Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UN
prison labor. Guiding Principles).
• No Child Labor: Agilent condemns all forms of Agilent is unaware of any operations or suppliers identified
exploitation of children. Agilent will not recruit child labor as having significant risk for incidents of child labor.
and supports the elimination of exploitative child labor. Agilent conducts random on-site surveys of suppliers for
• Minimum Wages: Agilent will compensate employees compliance with Agilent’s Supplier Code of Conduct Policy.
with wages and benefits that meet or exceed the legally In cases where there are issues with adherence to Agilent’s
required minimum. supplier expectations, corrective actions are implemented
and monitored by Agilent’s third-party auditor, DEKRA.
• Working Hours: Agilent will not require employees to
work more than the maximum hours of daily labor set Employee training on human rights
by local laws. policies or procedures
• No Discrimination: Agilent supports and upholds the All Agilent employees participate in the annual required
elimination of discriminatory practices with respect to training in the standards of business conduct which
employment and promotes and embraces diversity in all outlines expectations for dealing with customers, suppliers
aspects of its business operations. Our policies prohibit and conduct in the workplace.
discrimination based on race, color, age, gender, sexual All procurement professionals, as part of standards of
orientation, gender identity and expression, ethnicity, business conduct training, are requested to take additional
religion, disability, veteran status, national origin or any online training on environmental, health, safety and social
protected class. responsibility, which covers human rights.
• No harsh or inhumane treatment: Agilent prohibits One hundred percent of Agilent’s purchase order
physical abuse, harassment or the threat of either. agreements include human rights clauses and require that
Agilent will provide a safe and healthy working suppliers comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct.
environment for all of its employees.
• Freedom of association: Agilent respects the rights of
employees to organize in labor unions in accordance
with local laws and established practice, if desired.
107Employment and benefits
The workforce demographics are changing in most
countries and the competition to attract and retain top
talent is increasing. Global competitiveness will not be
achieved merely by designing, manufacturing, marketing
and selling superior products. Agilent strives to develop
and apply excellent global people skills around the world.
We are in tune with the changing global economic
marketplace and work to ensure that our policies and
practices support our core beliefs and values, our guiding
principles and our goals to make Agilent a best place
to work for every employee. The company policies and
practices support global diversity and inclusion and
work/life success. Agilent is committed to creating an
inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal
opportunity employer.
Benefits
Agilent aims to deliver a rewards portfolio that is
competitive with life sciences, diagnostics and applied
markets companies and representative of the diverse
industries and markets within which Agilent operates.
Generally, part-time employees who meet minimum
requirements are eligible for the same benefits as
full-time employees. Benefits and eligibility requirements
vary by country.
Our rewards are offered to eligible employees and comply
with local legal requirements. Our Total Pay program
includes base pay, variable pay, such as the One Agilent
Bonus and Individual Performance Bonus, and sales
incentive compensation.
Pay is differentiated based on company and individual
performance. Benefits such as health and welfare benefits,
retirement plans and time off provide a foundation to
support employee well-being and financial security.
Stock ownership programs align employee and
shareholder interests. Programs include an Employee
Stock Purchase Plan and long-term incentives such as
restricted stock units.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
108 3 8 10The One Agilent Experience
Life away from work
Agilent offers a variety of benefits that recognize life events learning and virtual classroom events. To encourage
and, when away from the job, encourage employees to rest, learning anywhere and anytime for our globally distributed
relax, recharge and live a well-rounded life. While specific workforce, we continue to make self-paced e-learning
programs vary by country, examples include company available 24 hours a day/seven days a week.
holidays, flexible time off, leaves of absence and gifts to
Employees access learning opportunities in
celebrate life events such as marriage and the birth or
several key areas:
adoption of a child. Agilent does not have a current process
• Onboarding and Orientation – All new employees
or future plan to track parental leave data.
participate in an onboarding experience along with a
global orientation program to help them learn about the
organization and our culture.
• Leadership and Executive Development programs are
available to support all managers across the various
stages of their leadership development from first time
managers in our Activate for New Managers program,
to our experienced managers with our Accelerate
program, to our high potentials in our Emerging Leaders
Program. In addition to formal learning programs for
leaders, we also offer many resources including Harvard
Business Review resources, online articles, mentoring,
coaching and assessments.
Flexible work arrangements
• Employee and Career Development programs are
Agilent’s flexible work arrangements provide alternatives
grounded in our Developing@Agilent portal, a resource
to working Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. in the
center with videos, guided online activities, classes and
office. With manager approval, and business permitting,
other professional development resources available to
employees can take advantage of a number of options to
all our employees globally. This unique training platform
help juggle work and personal responsibilities.
allows employees and managers to build leadership and
professional skills that align with their daily work and
Training and development Agilent's expectations.
Agilent is committed to providing an environment in which • Library@Agilent is an online library filled with access
employees can expand their knowledge, develop new skills to many trade publications, journals and online
and contribute their best work. databases to enable research and scientific
development for all employees.
Our culture of continuous development instills in our
employees the behaviors that bring our values to life every • Function and job-specific portals to help employees
day. We encourage our people to stay up to date on current build their expertise in their technical and job-related
research and technology while enhancing current and skills. This includes all our Academy portals such as
growing new skills to meet future needs. Sales Academy, Marketing Academy, Service Academy,
Finance Academy and Order Fulfillment Academy.
We also put special emphasis on training managers at all
levels to effectively communicate, role model and reinforce Within each of these academies, we offer leader-led
our values and culture. This includes imparting the training to build depth and practice key skills; self-paced
importance of continuous learning in others. On average, online learning to help create a foundation and learn the
each of our employees completed over 25 hours of training basics; virtual training to help connect the foundational
each in the last year.
Training at Agilent takes several forms based on business
need: face-to-face classroom experiences, on-the-job
109The One Agilent experience
In 2020, approximately 99% of our Agilent employees
completed training activities with over 265,000
documented instances of training, including over 248,000
self-paced online course completions. With over 392,000
hours of training consumed or delivered, employees
completed an average of 25 hours of training.
In addition to structured internal learning programs, we
also offer Educational Assistance, financial and other
assistance for employees to take external academic
classes or complete an academic degree program relevant
to Agilent’s business needs.
Our investment in our people’s growth is an investment
in our business and in the retention of our competitive
advantage, our edge and our top talents.
One hundred percent of Agilent employees receive regular
performance reviews.
concepts to real-world application; self-study materials
Agilent aligns with ISO 26000 standards and guidance as
to help with reinforcement; recorded videos to learn from
part of our social responsibility practices. As such, Agilent’s
experts as well as specific processes required for the job;
Labor and Employee policies and processes align with
and social collaboration and mentoring to support one
ISO core subjects: Organizational Governance 6.2, Human
another in developing the required capabilities.
Rights 6.3 and Labor Practices 6.4.
Information on employees and other workers3
Americas Asia Pacific Europe Worldwide
Total
Employees - Male 3,467 3,864 2,652 9,983
Employees - Female 2,355 2,317 1,611 6,283
Employees - Undisclosed 5 0 7 12
Total employees 5,827 6,181 4,270 16,278
Total supervised workers (non-Agilent 2,623 4,447 1,987 9,057
workers; the company does not maintain
gender of non-Agilent workers)
Total workforce 8,450 10,628 6,257 25,335
3 As of Oct. 31, 2020, end of fiscal year 2020; 100% of operations included in data.
110Delivering on our Promises
Occupational health and safety into consideration the nature and scale of site operations,
including manufacturing, R&D, sales and service, etc.
Agilent's Environmental Health
This EHSMS document is intended to be the "governing
and Safety (EHS) Policy outlines a document" to be used by Agilent employees and
fundamental corporate commitment contractors who have the responsibility for implementing
programs relating to the company-wide EHSMS
to reductions in pollution (emissions),
requirements at any organizational level, e.g., Global,
conservation of resources (energy),
Business, Region, Country, Geography or Site.
preventing work-related injuries,
The management approach and its components
including wellness programs
Global EHS develops the list of company-wide significant
contributing to the health and well-being
EHS aspects of Agilent’s for Operations and maintains
of employees and driving operations to the company-wide significant aspect list. The significance
of all aspects is based upon potential EHS impacts,
meet long term EHS goals.
regulatory compliance implications, overall life cycle
Agilent operates an Environmental Health and Safety implications and association with activities of concern to
Management System (EHSMS) that conforms to the Agilent’s interested parties. The potential for abnormal or
requirements of ISO 14001:2015 and is aligned to emergency conditions is also considered when developing
OHSAS 18001 and ISO 45001. Strategic sites operate the significance of the impacts and risks.
under a single company-wide externally endorsed ISO Global WPS EHS and the EHS Functional Staff periodically
14001 certificate. The EHSMS provides a structure evaluate the company-wide significant aspects of Agilent’s
for identifying and mitigating Agilent's EHS risks. The operations. The evaluation considers changes in Agilent’s
systematic identification of its significant aspects and operations, significant aspects identified by the sites and
impacts, implementation of controls, measurement of changes in external stakeholder expectations. Each EHSMS
performance and the setting of the improvement site identifies the significant EHS aspects and impacts of
objectives ensures that Agilent continues to improve its operations that it can control and over which it can be
our health and safety processes. expected to have an influence. Three health and safety
Agilent Technologies Environmental, Health and Safety areas emphasized at Agilent’s sites: chemical management,
Management System (EHSMS) for Operations is a ergonomics and stress.
subset of the company wide EHS Management System
Chemical management
that broadly applies to Agilent's design, development,
Operations pursues improvements to reduce chemical
manufacturing and sourcing activities worldwide. It
usage and provide engineering and administrative controls
is designed to minimize adverse environmental and
to minimize the risks and impact associated with chemical
occupational health & safety impacts, ensure ongoing
usage. Effective processes, controls and documentation
compliance while focusing on the needs of key
are in place. New chemical use is formally reviewed by
stakeholders, meets the requirements of ISO 14001 and is
EHS staff and exposure assessments are completed.
aligned to ISO 45001.
Regular trainings are conducted for affected personnel.
Management provides the financial, personnel and
Action Levels are set at 50% of regulatory exposure limits.
technical resources to implement and maintain the Agilent
Agilent’s main manufacturing and R&D sites are ISO
EHSMS for Operations and the supplier and product-related
14001:2015 certified with chemical management being
components of the EHSMS. This document specifically
an important element in the ISO 14001 requirements.
addresses the roles and responsibilities of the teams
Initiatives on sustainability include chemical management
supporting site operations including Agilent employees
areas and are further raising awareness and continual
and contractors performing facilities management and
improvement efforts are ongoing.
support services. Sites included within the scope are
determined through systematic risk analysis and take
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
3 8 111The One Agilent experience
Ergonomics
Office ergonomics and manual material handling represent HR / Benefits to enhance and promote Agilent wellness
a significant exposure area and are emphasized in Agilent’s programs and to further improve stress reduction and
health and safety programs. Concerted efforts have management programs already in place. These include
been and continue to be made to provide optimal office benefits such as flexible hours, paid FTO, paid time off for
ergonomics equipment and configurations. Training and volunteering, considerations for life events, fitness centers
assessments are required for computer use greater than and counseling. A new internal Spark website and periodic
two hours per day. Assessments are also required for communications increase awareness of the site-specific
manual material handling tasks and training provided and company-wide programs and benefits. Workplace
for personnel with those exposures. Ergonomic program Services continues to make significant investments and
development is overseen by a Certified Professional improvements in Agilent facilities to refresh, modernize
Ergonomist with sites tailoring specific elements to best fit and enhance sites with contemporary, comfortable, high-
their particular exposures. quality designs that provide attractive and inviting work
environments with improved spaces for collaboration,
Stress
fitness and well-being.
Workplace stress was identified through employee surveys
and evaluations as a significant impact. Agilent initiated
an Even Better Place to Work campaign partnering with
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
112 3 8Delivering on our Promises
Worker participation, consultation and communication
Over 75% of the total workforce is represented in formal joint management-worker health and safety committees.
Health and Safety committees are an integral part of EHS processes at our sites and help drive continuous improvement in
support of Agilent’s ISO certifications and Environmental, Health and Safety Management System.
As required at a country level, Health and Safety topics are included for discussion with local worker councils or trade unions.
Work-related injuries
Employee injury rate
Area of operations 2020 2019 2018
Global 0.24 0.38 0.41
Americas 0.54 0.91 1.22
Asia Pacific 0.01 0.04 0.10
Europe 0.16 0.10 0.13
Employee lost time case rates
Area of Operations 2020 2019 2018
Global 0.11 0.12 0.13
Region: America 0.19 0.28 0.23
Region: AP 0.01 0.01 0.07
Region: EU 0.13 0.07 0.12
Agilent does not have workers with high incidence or high risk of work-related disease.
Agilent provides a number of programs and educational Recovery Plans that address serious medical events or
opportunities aimed at managing serious diseases and disease outbreaks (e.g., pandemic events).
medical situations for employees as well as family and
The Agilent Human Resources and Benefits organizations
community members. Agilent EHS standards maintain
provide comprehensive healthcare plans to employee
employee exposure levels for harmful agents in the
and family members to assist in managing their personal
workplace well below regulatory requirements. Agilent
medical needs. These plans include counseling services
provides training to employees as a precautionary measure
and risk-based health coaching.
to prevent blood borne diseases. Agilent Workplace
Services has both Emergency Action and Disaster
113Stories from COVID-19
Learning about
fatherhood:
Jinho Kang
Early 2020 was an uncertain time as
news of the COVID-19 pandemic began
to spread.
But Jinho Kang had something else on his mind: the
imminent birth of his first child.
“I was nervous about how to be a daddy,” said Jinho, who
works in the South Asia Pacific, Japan and Korea sales
organization for Laboratory Solutions Sales and Marketing.
“I was like, ‘I’m not ready to be a parent.’”
How was he supposed to hold the baby? Wash it? Burp it?
Jinho confessed his panic to an Agilent colleague.
114Lockdown creates major challenges
The start of a pandemic isn’t the easiest time to raise
a newborn. Soon after Shin Wu’s birth, Singapore went
into lockdown, isolating Jinho, his wife and their baby in
their home. No visits from relatives; no quick runs to the
grocery store.
Then the supply shortages hit. Diapers and baby formula
were hard to come by. Every week, Jinho’s mother sent a
boxful from Korea.
But despite the strains of lockdown life, Jinho was happy.
Caring for a child gave him a new sense of purpose
in life — and because he was working from home, he got
to experience precious moments he might otherwise
have missed.
“Normally, the mother takes care of the child while the
father is working outside the home,” he explained of his
culture. “Because I was working from home, I was watching
him grow and I got to play with him during my lunch hour.”
Seeing baby start to grow, change: amazing
He recalled an afternoon in early April 2020 when he heard
a playful sound coming from the room where Shin Wu
slept.
“Normally, he cries when he wakes up,” Jinho said. “We
went to open the door and he was standing in the bed. I
was like, ‘How did he do that?’”
Today, almost one year later, the stores are stocked, and
Shin Wu is learning to walk.
How do you learn to be a dad?
And Jinho is no longer nervous about being a dad.
“He told me, ‘Once you are there, you will know,’” Jinho said.
“‘You don’t need to try; you will know how to be a daddy.’” “My brain knows how to do it,” he said. “I don’t know how to
do it, but I’m doing it!”
But Jinho wasn’t so sure.
“I didn’t believe it,” he said.
Shin Wu was born January 8th, 2020.
As Jinho held his wrinkly new son, he had one thought.:
“He looks very old — he doesn’t look human, actually,” he
recalled, laughing.
But once the baby was cleaned and clothed, reality set in.
Jinho held his son again and cried.
“Now I felt like this is really my baby,” he said. “I was
very happy.”
115Our communities
and our giving
Community engagement
Agilent's worldwide community
programs tangibly demonstrate the
company's values and commitment
to corporate citizenship. Around the
world, we contribute through the Agilent
Technologies Foundation, company
grants, employee volunteerism, public
policy and community partnerships
in the areas of science education and
workplace giving campaigns.
Through grants and donations, Agilent supports programs
designed to increase student interest and achievement
Foundation, up to $5,000 per year, per person, doubling the
in science education with an emphasis on populations
impact of their giving and allowing the Foundation to also
underrepresented in the technology industry. Each year,
support their preferred charities.
Agilent employees throughout the world devote thousands
The Year-Round Giving Program is available to employees
of volunteer hours to increasing student interest in science
in Canada, China, Denmark, England, Hong Kong, India,
and supporting community activities.
Japan, Scotland, Spain, Taiwan and the United States and
Agilent supports essential programs that deliver respect,
cross-border giving is allowed.
hope and solutions to communities around the world. In
In addition to the Giving Program, the Agilent Technologies
addition to making donations, Agilent volunteers help
Foundation provides grants and funding for initiatives
scores of nonprofit agencies each year during community
that enhance, enrich and support communities around
service events.
the world.
Operations with local community engagement
Agilent did not experience any new event that had a
Volunteerism is a key element of our core values and the negative impact on Agilent’s local communities.
cornerstone of our corporate citizenship efforts. Through
our Volunteer Time Off program, Agilent employees may
use up to six days of paid time off per year to support a
cause or help those in need.
Throughout the pandemic, employees raised spirits and helped those
in need by participating in virtual fundraisers like 5K runs. In Singapore,
The Agilent Year-Round Giving Program provides
employees raised money virtually to sponsor the Singapore Food
employees the opportunity to support a broad Bank’s new food vending machine. It arrived in early 2021 and now
range of nonprofit organizations in the areas of health team volunteers regularly stock the machine with healthy foods that are
available to feed the hungry at any time.
and human services, arts and culture, education and
literacy, environment and conservation, and family and
civic betterment.
Employee contributions are matched dollar-for-dollar by the Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
3 6 8 10
116Delivering on our Promises
117Our communities and our giving
Our giving
At Agilent, we are committed to
advancing the quality of life.
We do that by the very nature of our products and
services, which are built to improve health, safety and
the environment.
But we also have a long history of sharing a portion of our
earnings with those in need.
We started the Agilent Technologies Foundation in 2000,
our first full year of business as an independent company.
Since then, the Foundation has funded important initiatives,
including improved science education and the health and
safety of people and our planet.
In 2020, we gave over $9 million through the Agilent
Technologies Foundation and Agilent Technologies Inc.
In addition, our employees generously shared their time,
talents and donations.
Together, the company and our Foundation support
research grants; science, technology, engineering and math
provides detailed information about local and international
(STEM) initiatives for students from underrepresented
charitable causes and organizations.
communities; matching gifts to charities, universities
and hospitals; workplace giving campaigns; employee Volunteer Time Off program
volunteerism opportunities; and more.
Many of our employees volunteer regularly with their
favorite organizations. Our Volunteer Time Off (VTO)
Increasing employee involvement
program allows them to take up to six paid days per
This year, to make it easier for employees to give and
year for volunteer activities with organizations such as
volunteer, we launched a new giving platform. For the
nonprofits/charities (in the U.S.), non-governmental and
first time, we have a centralized resource for all giving
educational organizations.
and volunteering information and activities. Employees in
Last year, in spite of COVID-19, employees found creative
the U.S. and Canada gained access to the new Benevity
ways to help: they brought smiles and laughter to children
platform at the end of last year, and other countries will
undergoing cancer treatment in India and others trained to
launch in 2021.
administer COVID vaccines.
Improving two matching gifts programs
Agilent After School program
The Benevity giving platform allowed us to expand and
Agilent After School (AAS) is a hands-on, global volunteer
improve our very popular Year-Round Giving program
program where employees lead students to complete
for charities, adding cross-border giving and additional
our free science experiment kits. The goal: to help
payment options. Our University and Hospital Giving
underrepresented children develop a love for science,
program also added cross-border giving and additional
technology, engineering and math classes and careers.
payment options. We match employee donations of up to
$25,000 per year, per employee. Due to COVID-19, this hands-on program was put on hold
in 2020. We plan to relaunch an updated and improved
Centralized volunteering info
version of this extremely popular program when global
The Benevity platform also provides an engaging place
health conditions permit.
to find virtual, local and global volunteer opportunities
and tracks volunteer hours. In addition, the platform
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
118 3 8 10Delivering on our Promises
119120Research awards
Agilent awards promising researchers
The Agilent Foundation supports many causes, including
funding and/or equipment for promising researchers.
Agilent Golden Ticket
Agilent announced that biotech startup Trilogy Sciences
was awarded an Agilent Golden Ticket at LabCentral, a
leading biotech innovation hub based in Cambridge,
Massachusetts. LabCentral is a shared laboratory space
designed as a launchpad for high-potential life sciences
and biotech startups. The Golden Ticket provides funding
of one lab bench space for a year.
Trilogy Sciences’ mission is to develop life-changing
therapeutics for untreatable diseases by applying cutting-
edge chemical biology, including new methodologies to
rapidly synthesize and screen for hyper-effective drugs to
combat recurrent breast, brain and lung cancers.
Agilent Early Career Professor Award Agilent Thought Leader Award
Carl DeSelm, M.D., Ph.D., has received the 2020 Agilent Agilent also honored Professor Anurag Rathore, a scientist
Early Career Professor Award. Dr. DeSelm is an assistant at the Indian Institue of Technology (IIT) Delhi, with an
professor of Radiation Oncology at the Washington Agilent Thought Leader Award for his contributions to
University School of Medicine in St. Louis, Missouri. This the field of biopharmaceutical research and his work
year's award topic is cellular engineering and analysis—a with advanced methods for molecular characterization
field that greatly impacts Agilent customers. of biosimilars.
The DeSelm lab’s current research focuses on the The work at Prof. Rathore’s lab will focus on the best
engineering and clinical development of a new class of practices toward molecular characterization of monoclonal
cell immunotherapy, engineering Antigen Presenting Cells antibody-based biosimilars. Monoclonal antibodies include
(APC). This approach can address some of the limitations an important and growing group of biopharmaceutical
of the CAR T cell therapy in the treatment of solid tumors. drugs used to treat several diseases and conditions.
Related UN Sustainable Development Goals
8 9 121Delivering on our Promises
External assurance
Agilent got DEKRA Certification's assurance statement for
2020 supplier audits.
This statement attests that DEKRA Certification can
provide reasonable assurance the claims regarding
environmental, health, safety and social responsibility
(EHS&SR), as they relate to identified suppliers by Agilent
Technologies. In 2020 DEKRA performed global audits of
Agilent-identified suppliers. These suppliers were found to
be in compliance with, or have provided corrective action
plans to become compliant with, Agilent's stated EHS&SR
program, including but not limited to: policies regarding
worker safety, environmental safety, Ozone Depleting
Compounds (ODC) and policies that strictly forbid and
prevent any and all acts of human trafficking or slavery
as those terms are used in the California Transparency in
Supply Chains Act of 2010, California Civil Code, section
1714.43.
• To request a copy of the 2020 Agilent Technologies
Foundation financials statements, please email
corporate.responsibility@agilent.com.
• Agilent energy, greenhouse gas emission, waste, and
water data attested by external auditor TruCost in
accordance with AA100AS (2008) type 2 moderate-
level assurance. Please see our TruCost assurance
statement.
122Delivering on our Promises
About this report
Agilent's 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report is
Sites in EHSMS Sites in Utilities /
based on a combination of quantitative and qualitative
Program Energy Program
data relating to our environmental and social performance
during the fiscal year 2020 (Nov. 1, 2019, to Oct. 31, 2020).
AP Hachioji
The data is recorded on a company-wide basis unless
otherwise indicated. We publish our Corporate Social AP Manesar
Responsibility Report every year and the 2020 Corporate
AP Mulgrave
Social Responsibility Report is prepared in accordance with
GRI standards: core option. For the first time, we are also
AP Penang
reporting Sustainability Accounting Standards Board data.
We have not made any material restatements from the
AP Shanghai Shanghai
prior year.
In the 2018 report, we updated our reporting from AP Singapore Singapore
GRI guideline 4.0 to GRI Standards. And Agilent will keep
EU Church Stretton Church Stretton
topic materiality assessment results based on the
standard requirement.
EU Glostrup Glostrup
We report on our subsidiaries and affiliates where we
have direct operational control unless otherwise noted. EU Middelburg Middelburg
Significant year-over-year changes are noted. Where
EU Torino Torino
possible, we also use consistent reporting measures, such
as per square foot rather than per building or per site.
EU Waldbronn Waldbronn
Agilent has 21 sites that typically have a footprint of greater
than 50,000 square feet and meet the reporting criteria AM Boulder Boulder
of being ISO 14001 certified or included in Agilent's EHS
Management System program, or those with potentially AM Carpinteria Carpinteria
high environmental impacts that are included in Agilent's
AM Cedar Creek Cedar Creek
energy and sustainability programs.
Agilent's Corporate Social Responsibility Report content AM Colorado Springs Colorado Springs
was developed in consultation with subject matter experts,
consideration of changes in external regulations impacting AM Folsom Folsom
Agilent, and evaluation of feedback from various internal
AM Frederick (FY21) Frederick
functional stakeholders. Report content was contributed by
a wide-ranging group of Agilent employees from functions
AM Lexington
such as Human Resources, Investor Relations, Corporate
Relations, Agilent Foundation, Environmental Health and AM Little Falls Little Falls
Safety Management, Agilent Laboratory, Regulatory Affairs,
Procurement and Global Sourcing. We also consulted with AM Newport Newport
leading GRI consulting organizations.
AM Santa Clara Santa Clara
The 2020 report is Agilent’s 21st Corporate Social
Responsibility Report. For questions or comments, contact
Total 18 19
us at corporate.citizenship@agilent.com.
123SASB index
Accounting Metric 2020 Disclosure Code
Ratio of weighted average rate of This metric is not relevant to our business and we do not consider this information HC-MS-240a. 1
net price increases (for all products) to be material. However, Agilent meets all applicable laws, regulations and
to the annual increase in the U.S. standards where we do business. Agilent engages with our stakeholders through
Consumer Price Index consultation, surveys, ad-hoc feedback and reviews.
Description of how price information Agilent provides transparent and accurate pricing to our customers electronically, HC-MS-240a. 2
for each product is disclosed to by mail and through Agilent’s online ordering platforms.
customers or to their agents
Number of recalls issued, total units Agilent has conducted one medical device product recall that was reported HC-MS-250a.1
recalled to the FDA.
List of products listed in the FDA's There are no products listed in the FDA's MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human HC-MS-250a. 2
MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products database.
Medical Products database
Number of fatalities related to There have been zero fatalities. HC-MS-250a. 3
products as reported in the FDA
Manufacturer and User Facility Device
Experience database
Number of FDA enforcement actions There have been zero enforcement actions taken. HC-MS-250a. 4
taken in response to violations
of current Good Manufacturing
Practices (cGMP), by type
Total amount of monetary losses Agilent had no monetary losses in 2020 due to legal proceedings associated with HC-MS-270a. 1
as a result of legal proceedings false marketing claims.
associated with false marketing
claims
Description of code of ethics Agilent adheres to all applicable laws and regulations and industry standards, HC-MS-270a. 2
governing promotion of off-label use while maintaining the highest ethical standards of reporting on our marketing,
of products sales and research and development operations, as required by law.
Agilent is committed to promoting our products responsibly and reporting about
our business practices in a manner that promotes transparency. To ensure
our communication and marketing approaches uphold the highest standards,
Agilent has a robust mandatory, company-wide training on these standards of
communication and conduct.
124Delivering on our Promises
Accounting Metric 2020 Disclosure Code
Discussion of process to assess and Agilent’s Environmental Policy is to act in an environmentally responsible HC-MS-410a. 1
manage environmental and human manner in regard to our operations, products and services. Agilent employees
health considerations associated and managers are expected to support the implementation of this policy in
with chemicals in products, and meet accordance with their roles and responsibilities in the organization. Of particular
demand for sustainable products relevance to product development are the following actions:
• Ensure our products and operations comply with relevant environmental
legislation and regulations
• Responsibly manage the use of hazardous materials in our operations, products
and services, and promote recycling or reuse of our products.
The fundamentals of Agilent’s Design for the Environment (DfE) guidelines
encourage Agilent employees to think about the impact that a product has on
both the environment and society. Therefore, they should consider answering the
following questions:
• What positive impacts does the product have on the environment?
• What are the negative impacts?
Many Agilent products include innovations that have enabled their reduced
energy use, footprint, water usage, use of hazardous materials, etc. and we are
sponsors of organizations like My Green Lab (https://www.mygreenlab.org/) to
help us continually improve our products and the sustainability of our laboratory
customers worldwide.
Agilent complies with RoHS and REACH regulatory compliance for all commercial
products. For reagent-based NPIs, we are using the ARCADIS form to document
the environmental and health considerations.
Total amount of products accepted Agilent’s pre-owned instruments program enables customers to sell, trade-in HC-MS-410a. 2
for take-back and reused, recycled, or or recycle old instruments. Agilent’s pre-owned instruments offer exceptional
donated, broken down by: (1) devices value to customers, come with a one-year factory warranty (the same warranty
and equipment and (2) supplies as new instruments) and pass a comprehensive operational qualification and
performance verification to ensure risk free performance. Agilent also donates
instruments that we are no longer using to not-for-profits. Agilent does not
disclose the requested product numbers.
Percentage of (1) entity's facilities 1. All medical device facilities at Agilent under ISO 13485 are subject to annual HC-MS-430a. 1
and (2) Tier I suppliers' facilities audits by Notified Bodies. Non-medical facilities operating under ISO 9001 are
participating in third-party audit audited a minimum of once every three years by Registrars.
programs for manufacturing and 2. Agilent does not currently report the percentage of Tier 1 supplier facilities
product quality participating in third-party audit programs for manufacturing or product
quality. Most of our direct material suppliers are ISO 9001 certified.
Description of efforts to maintain Agilent maintains traceability though all stages of manufacturing through HC-MS-430a. 2
traceability within the distribution distribution using our ERP system. Traceability is maintained based on part
chain number, serial number and / or lot number.
125Delivering on our Promises
Accounting Metric 2020 Disclosure Code
Description of the management of Agilent monitors risk through a number of different processes. This includes but HC-MS-430a. 3
risks associated with the use of is not limited to:
critical materials
• Dangerous Goods are stored, transported, and disposed of based upon the
applicable Transportation and EHS regulations.
• Agilent has a Conflict Minerals Position Statement and abides by all
requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, including filing required SEC report.
• Suppliers identified through risk assessment processes are monitored and
business continuity plans are in place and reviewed annually. Agilent has a
Supplier Code of Conduct.
• For critical parts, Agilent follows additional risk processes and tracks and
monitors suppliers.
More information on our approach can be found in this CSR report.
Total amount of monetary losses Agilent had no monetary losses in 2020 due to legal proceedings associated with HC-BP-510a. 1
as a result of legal proceedings corruption and bribery.
associated with corruption and
bribery
Description of code of ethics Agilent is committed to the highest standards of business ethics and recognizes HC-BP-510a. 1
governing interactions with health that our actions can have a direct impact on patient health. Through our products,
care professionals we strive to improve patient health around the world while ensuring that our
interactions with healthcare professionals remain ethical, fair and honest The
Agilent Global Healthcare Compliance Policy governs interactions with healthcare
professionals by Agilent around the world, including marketing, medical, sales,
and research and development operations. Our Global Healthcare Compliance
Policy incorporates common legal and ethical standards from many of Agilent's
major markets, including the U.S. (AdvaMed Code) and international (MedTech
Europe Code, Japan Federation of Medical Devices Associations) and applies
them to our operations around the world. See Good Governance in this CSR report
for more information on our approach.
Activity Metric 2020 Disclosure Code
Number of units sold by product Agilent does not disclose the number of units sold by product category. HC-MS-000.A
category
126127GRI content index
General Disclosure (Disclosure 102)
Organizational Profile
GRI 102-1 Name of the Organization p. 8
GRI 102-2 Activities, Brands, Products and Services p. 8
GRI 102-3 Location of Headquarters p. 43
GRI 102-4 Location of Operations p. 44
GRI 102-5 Ownership and Legal Form p. 8
GRI 102-6 Markets Served p. 59
GRI 102-7 Scale of the Organization p. 42
GRI 102-8 Information on Employees and Other Workers p. 110
GRI 102-9 Supply Chain p. 24
GRI 102-10 Significant Changes to the Organization and its Supply Chain p. 25
GRI 102-11 Precautionary Principle or Approach p. 15
GRI 102-12 External Initiatives p. 70
GRI 102-13 Membership of Associations p. 134
Ethics and Integrity
GRI 102-16 GRI 102-16 Values, Principles, Standards and Norms of Behavior p. 10
Governance
GRI 102-18 Governance Structure p. 60
GRI 102-20 Executive-Level Responsibility for Economic, Environmental and Social Topics p. 134
GRI 102-22 Composition of the Highest Governance Body and its Committees p. 60
Stakeholder Engagement
GRI 102-40 List of Stakeholder Groups p. 34
128Delivering on our Promises
GRI 102-41 Collective Bargaining Agreements p. 34
GRI 102-42 Identifying and Selecting Stakeholders p. 34
GRI 102-43 Approach to Stakeholder Engagement p. 34
GRI 102-44 Key Topics and Concerns Raised p. 34
Reporting Practice
GRI 102-45 Entities Included in the Consolidated Financial Statements p. 123
GRI 102-46 Defining Report Content and Topic Boundaries p. 123
GRI 102-47 List of Material Topics p. 26
GRI 102-48 Restatements of Information p. 123
GRI 102-49 Changes in Reporting p. 123
GRI 102-50 Reporting Period p. 123
GRI 102-51 Date of Most Recent Report p. 123
GRI 102-52 Reporting Cycle p. 123
GRI 102-53 Contact Point for Questions Regarding the Report p. 123
GRI 102-54 Claims of Reporting in Accordance with the GRI Standards p. 123
GRI 102-55 GRI Content Index p. 128
GRI 102-56 External Assurance p. 122
129Economic (Disclosure 200)
Economic Performance
Management Approach: Economic Performance GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 63
GRI 201-2 Financial Implications and Other Risks and Opportunities Due to Climate Change p. 64, 135
GRI 201-3 Defined Benefit Plan Obligations and Other Retirement Plans p. 65
GRI 201-4 Financial Assistance Received from Government p. 65
Indirect Economic Impacts
Management Approach: Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 66
GRI 203-2 Significant Indirect Economic Impacts p. 68
Anti-Corruption
Management Approach: Anti-Corruption GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 61
GRI 205-1 Operations Assessed for Risks Related to Corruption p. 61
GRI 205-2 Communication and Training about Anti-Corruption Policies and Procedures p. 61
GRI 205-3 Confirmed Incidents of Corruption and Actions Taken p. 61
Anti-Competitive Behavior
Management Approach: Anti-Competitive Behavior GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 62
GRI 206-1 Legal Actions for Anti-Competitive Behavior, Anti-trust and Monopoly Practices p. 62
Environmental (Disclosure 300)
Energy
Management Approach: Energy GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p. 75
GRI 302-1 Energy Consumption Within the Organization p. 76
GRI 302-2 Energy Consumption Outside of the Organization p. 77
GRI 302-3 Energy Intensity p. 78
GRI 302-4 Reduction of Energy Consumption p. 78
GRI 302-5 Reductions in Energy Requirements of Products and Services p. 79
130Delivering on our Promises
Water and Effluents
Management Approach: Water and Effluents GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.80
GRI 303-1 Interactions with Water as a Shared Resource p.80
GRI 303-2 Management of Water Discharge-Related Impacts p.80
GRI 303-3 Water Withdrawal p.80
GRI 303-5 Water Consumption p.80
Emissions
Management Approach: Emissions GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.82
GRI 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions p.82
GRI 305-2 Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions p.83
GRI 305-3 Other Indirect (Scope 3) GHG Emissions p.83
GRI 305-4 GHG Emissions Intensity p.84
GRI 305-5 Reduction of GHG Emissions p.84
GRI 305-6 Emissions of Ozone-Depleting Substances (ODS) p.85
GRI 305-7 Nitrogen Oxides (NOx), Sulfur Oxides (SOx), and Other Significant Air Emissions p.85
Effluents and Waste
Management Approach: Effluents and Waste GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.86
GRI 306-1 Water Discharge by Quality and Destination p.86
GRI 306-2 Waste by Type and Disposal Method p.87
GRI 306-3 Significant Spills p.88
GRI 306-4 Transport of Hazardous Waste p.88
GRI 306-5 Water Bodies Affected by Discharges and/or Runoff p.88
Environmental Compliance
Management Approach: Environmental Compliance GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.88
GRI 307-1 Non-Compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations p.88
131Social (Disclosure 400)
Employment
Management Approach: Employment GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.108
GRI 401-1 New Employee Hires and Employee Turnover p.138
Benefits Provided to Full-Time Employees that are Not Provided to
GRI 401-2 p.108
Temporary or Part-Time Employees
GRI 401-3 Parental Leave p.109
Occupational Health and Safety
Management Approach: Occupational Health and Safety GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.111
Worker Participation, Consultation and Communication on
GRI 403-4 p.113
Occupational Health and Safety
GRI 403-9 Work-Related Injuries p.113
GRI 403-10 Work-Related Ill Health p.113
Training and Education
Management Approach: Training and Education GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.109
GRI 404-1 Average Hours of Training Per Year Per Employee p.110
GRI 404-2 Programs for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance Programs p.109
Percentage of Employees Receiving Regular Performance
GRI 404-3 p.110
and Career Development Reviews
Diversity and Equal Opportunity
Management Approach: Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.104
GRI 405-1 Diversity of Governance Bodies and Employees p.104
GRI 405-2 Ratio of Basic Salary and Remuneration of Women to Men p.106
Child Labor
Management Approach: Child Labor GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.107
GRI 408-1 Operations and Suppliers at Significant Risk for Incidents of Child Labor p.107
132Delivering on our Promises
Human Rights Assessment
Management Approach: Human Rights Assessment GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.107
GRI 412-2 Employee Training on Human Rights Policies or Procedures p.107
Significant Investment Agreements and Contracts That Include Human Rights Clauses
GRI 412-3 p.107
or That Underwent Human Rights Screening
Local Communities
Management Approach: Local Communities GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.116
Operations with Local Community Engagement, Impact Assessments
GRI 413-1 p.116
and Development Programs
Operations with Significant Actual and Potential Negative Impacts
GRI 413-2 p.116
on Local Communities
Customer Health and Safety
Management Approach: Customer Health and Safety GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.93
GRI 416-1 Assessment of the Health and Safety Impacts of Product and Service Categories p.93
Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning the Health and Safety Impacts
GRI 416-2 p.93
of Products and Services
Marketing and Labeling
Management Approach: Marketing and Labeling GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.93
GRI 417-1 Requirements for Product and Service Information and Labeling p.93
GRI 417-2 Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning Product and Service Information and Labeling p.93
Customer Privacy
Management Approach: Customer Privacy GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 p.94
Substantiated Complaints Concerning Breaches of Customer Privacy
GRI 418-1 p.95
and Losses of Customer Data
133Membership of associations
Agilent participates in trade, industry and professional organizations that are local, national and global. Participation helps us
achieve business and citizenship goals by enabling us to work with other companies on common issues. Memberships also
keep Agilent abreast of industry issues and best practices and provide vehicles which allow us to contribute our expertise and
inform public policy. Examples of these memberships are:
American Physical Society American Society of Quality ANS AOAC International Boston College Center for
Corporate Citizenship
Category and Sourcing Cold Spring Harbor Center for Bioanalytic CEO Action: 2018 CEO Engineering Advisory Board,
Managers Executive (CASME) Laboratories Meetings and Metrology Action Pledge for Diversity & College of Engineering, UC
Courses Program Inclusion Berkeley
Engineering Biology Research Government-University- Ignited (formerly IISME) Institute of Electrical and International Genetically
Consortium (EBRC) Industry Research Roundtable Electronics Engineers Engineered Machine (iGEM)
(GUIRR)
IPC lsoStanford Interdisciplinary MedTech Europe National Academy of National Association for
Life Sciences Council Engineering Environmental Managers
(NAEM)
National Minority New York Academy of OPC Foundation Responsible Minerals Society for Laboratory
Development Council Sciences Initiative (RMI) Automation and Screening
(SLAS)
Society of Vacuum Coaters Society of Women Engineers SystemX Technology Services Industry TechUK
Association
Women's Business Enterprise
National Council (WBENC)
Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental and social topics
Responsibility Position or Title Level from Board Level from CEO
Overall responsibility for Vice President, Workplace Services 3 2
corporate social responsibility
and sustainability
Vice President, Global Communications and Public 3 2
Affairs
Environmental issues Vice President, Workplace Services 3 2
Risk management Director, Global Security 4 3
Supply chain social responsibility Senior Director, Global Sourcing 3 2
Human rights issues Senior Vice President, Human Resources 2 1
Labor issues Employment Law Control 3 2
Diversity and employment equity Associate Vice President, 3 2
Diversity and Inclusion
134Delivering on our Promises
Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change
Type Catalog Description Impact Finance Methods Used to Costs of Action
Description Implications Manage Risk or
Opportunity
Risk Regulatory Emission reporting We have considered the impact Increased Monitor regulatory Presently $5-10,000
obligations of current and proposed US operational cost. developments per year for
EPA CO2 regulations. Currently, and compliance management
Agilent falls below the threshold obligations. resources.
requirement that would obligate Estimated financial
us toward a major mitigation or implication for non-
financial remediation. compliance $50,000
Increased reporting obligations - 150,000 USD/year.
would create additional financial
expense for Agilent.
Risk Regulatory Cap and trade Since April 2010 Agilent's Reduction or Monitor and Estimated financial
schemes Hachioji site in Japan has been disruption in compliance implication for non-
under the Tokyo Cap-and-Trade production capacity. obligations and compliance could be
scheme. Non-compliance with Agilent's emissions. $10,000 – $50,000.
the scheme would result in a
fine. The last compliance period
ended in 2019 and Agilent
emitted less than the emissions
allowance.
Risk Physical Change in Increased precipitation and Reduction or Developed business Presently $10,000-
mean (average) extreme weather events disruption in continuity plans. $50,000 per year
precipitation (including fire risk due to production or for management
drought) pose a risk to Agilent service capability. resources.
by disrupting business activities Estimated financial
in many areas, including implication for
transportation of goods and business disruption
services, physical impact to could be several
our office and manufacturing million dollars.
operations, and disruption to
our customers. In addition, our
employees have exposure to the
same risks.
Risk Physical Sea level rise Flooding of Agilent owned or Reduction or Developed business Estimated financial
leased offices, manufacturing disruption in continuity plans. implication for
facilities or warehouses. production capacity. business disruption
could be in the
$100,000s.
Opportunity Regulatory Air pollution limits As air pollution limits and other Increased demand Monitor regulatory Incremental sales
forms of regulations drive the for existing products obligations and opportunity could be
consumer market in the direction and services. target applicable in the $100,000s.
of more renewable energy, customer base.
Agilent will have an opportunity
to provide measurement
equipment to the air and
emissions monitoring markets.
Agilent manufactures equipment
to accurately measure air
pollution and monitor air.
Risk/ Physical Change in average Change in average temperature Increased demand Monitor regulatory Incremental sales
Opportunity temperature will drive the demand for more for renewable power. obligations and opportunity could be
electrical power, and Agilent Increased demand target applicable in the $100,000s.
will consider sourcing more for air emissions customer base.
renewable energy in pursuit monitoring and
of reducing Agilent's carbon other Agilent
footprint. products.
135Delivering on our Promises
Type Catalog Description Impact Finance Methods Used to Costs of Action
Description Implications Manage Risk or
Opportunity
Risk Markets Shift to renewable Reduction in product and service Reduction in sales Track the market Incremental impact
energy demand. demand from Agilent's fossil $'s from both shift and adjust could be in the
fuel and associated chemically products and products and $100,000s.
intensive customers as supply servicing from the services as
shifts to the renewable sector. fossil fuel and petro- to mitigate
chemical customers. and capitalize
on emerging
opportunities.
Opportunity Markets Shift to lower Increased demand for air Increase in sales $'s Track the market Incremental sales
carbon-based and chemical analysis from from both products and customer shift opportunity could be
chemical industries. customers engaged in the and servicing and adjust products in the $100,000s.
pursuit of more sustainable from customers in and services
operations, products and lower the chemical and and capitalize
carbon footprints. analysis sectors. on emerging
opportunities.
Opportunity Reputation Reputation as Agilent is committed to a Increased demand Continued focus Agilent's brand
a sustainable sustainable future and is for existing products on proactively differentiation has
company. proactively working to minimize and services. managing Agilent's the potential for
its impact on climate change. sustainability incremental sales
Agilent sees consumer and program, improving dollars.
customer awareness of our our environmental
corporate environmental stewardship and
stewardship as an opportunity communicating the
to differentiate itself from our results to external
competitors and to attract and shareholders and
retain employees. employees.
136137New hires and employees leaving employment4
Regions Age group Gender Rate - New hires Rate - Employees leaving
employment
Global under 30 male 3.5% 1.4%
between 30-50 male 4.8% 3.1%
over 50 male 0.8% 1.8%
under 30 female 2.3% 1.1%
between 30-50 female 3.3% 2.2%
over 50 female 0.5% 1.1%
under 30 undisclosed 0.04% 0.02%
between 30-50 undisclosed 0.1% 0.01%
over 50 undisclosed 0.01% 0.01%
Europe & Middle East under 30 male 1.1% 0.5%
between 30-50 male 1.1% 0.7%
over 50 male 0.1% 0.6%
under 30 female 1.0% 0.4%
between 30-50 female 1.0% 0.8%
over 50 female 0.2% 0.3%
under 30 undisclosed - -
between 30-50 undisclosed 0.02% 0.01%
over 50 undisclosed - 0.01%
4 Percentages of new hires/employees leaving employment by age group and gender are derived from
actual year-end employee headcount of 16,278.
138Delivering on our Promises
Regions Age group Gender Rate - New hires Rate - Employees leaving
employment
Asia Pacific under 30 male 1.5% 0.4%
between 30-50 male 1.8% 1.3%
over 50 male 0.1% 0.2%
under 30 female 0.6% 0.3%
between 30-50 female 1.3% 0.7%
over 50 female 0.01% 0.1%
under 30 undisclosed 0.01% -
between 30-50 undisclosed 0.01% -
over 50 undisclosed - -
Americas under 30 male 1.0% 0.4%
between 30-50 male 1.9% 1.1%
over 50 male 0.6% 1.0%
under 30 female 0.7% 0.4%
between 30-50 female 1.0% 0.7%
over 50 female 0.3% 0.7%
under 30 undisclosed 0.03% 0.02%
between 30-50 undisclosed 0.03% -
over 50 undisclosed 0.01% -
139©Agilent Technologies, Inc. 2020
www.agilent.com