gilent RoHS and WEEE Program
Working with Agilent Agilent RoHS
Other Supplier Resources: The European Union (EU) Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) impacts Agilent in many
ways. The majority of Agilent products are classified within the EU RoHS Directive category list as
Environmental and Social Industrial Monitoring and Control Equipment (category 9), and a limited number of Agilent products
Responsibility Expectations are classified as In vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices (category 8).
Supplier Performance Expectations
Agilent products are designed for compliance. Agilent design rules have incorporated the results from
Quality Requirements
internal and external studies to ensure reliability with the new RoHS-compliant and compatible
Supplier Diversity
materials. Agilent is committed to meeting customer demands for high reliability and we expect that
ERP Information
our contract manufacturers (CMs) and direct material suppliers will support us as we manage through
Purchase Order Terms & Conditions the forthcoming changes.
for Suppliers
Key Points
1. Agilent has transitioned to RoHS compliant materials for products. New products are designed
for compliance and existing products are being re-engineered to bring them into compliance.
This includes pro-active measures such as using components that don’t rely on lead or
mercury, choosing surfaces finishes that don’t use banned chemical substances and employing
lead-free solder and materials that are compatible with the higher soldering temperature.
2. When RoHS compliance is required, the Agilent Supplemental Specification for RoHS will be
specified on a drawing, specification document or included in the data package for the item.
3. Requirements for lead-free soldering processes and materials are found in the Agilent design
standards. Contact your Agilent representative for a copy.
4. Agilent's general material restrictions are available at
URL:http://www.agilent.com/environment/GSE.pdf and apply to all direct material purchases.
Agilent cannot guarantee that GSE changes will be communicated directly to all suppliers, so
suppliers should use the on-line document and check periodically to ensure they have the
latest version.
5. Agilent requires all our manufacturing partners to provide material chemical composition
declarations for every item we purchase that will be used in Agilent products. Agilent requires
the declaration whether or not a manufacturer’s items conform to the RoHS restrictions.
Requirements for Agilent's Suppliers
To avoid growth of tin whiskers, board mountable parts for solder assembly must conform to
Agilent’s preferred terminal finish materials listed in Agilent’s Component Finish Guidelines. To
obtain a copy of the guidelines, please ask your Agilent contact for a copy of the Agilent
Termination Finish Guidelines published by Agilent's Distributed Materials Engineering Team
All component changes, including those related to RoHS compliance must be submitted as
early as possible to PCN@agilent.com for Agilent approval.
All product/component changes must be documented and reported per the
requirements of EIA/JEDEC JESD46-C (Product Change Notification). All
product/component discontinuances must be documented and reported per EIA/JEDEC
JESD48-B (Product Discontinuance).
Any changes related to RoHS should be considered major changes.
Please include technical details regarding the change, including reliability testing data
and failure mitigation information that will assist Agilent with approving the change.
Please include a timeframe for the change and the availability of legacy items.
Please provide a copy of your PCN@agilent.com submittal to the contact that manages
the procurement of material from you on behalf of Agilent.Agilent has participated as a sponsor of the iNEMI High Reliability Task Force, which
recommends:
adoption of iNEMI-recognized whisker mitigation practices; and,
testing and adherence to the qualification criteria of the JEDEC JESD201A and
JESD22A121 qualification criteria.
If you are a Contract Manufacturer and find a discrepancy between Agilent's AML and the
suppliers MPN, please notify Agilent with a message sent to PCN@agilent.com . If you have a
discrepancy that is a potential part shortage which may put your next shipment(s) at risk, notify
your Agilent contact immediately.
Agilent is in support of unique part numbers for RoHS compliant components.
Agilent is requiring its supply base to fully disclose material, hazardous substance content and
recycled material content of each part we are supplied. Reporting shall be in accordance
withAgilent's Material Declaration Requirements. Compliance is required and, where a non-
compliance issue is identified, a resolution plan is essential. Where compliance is not possible,
alternative solutions are necessary to ensure continued shipment of current and future
products. A complete W18 disclosure is required to qualify parts supplied to Agilent. Learn
more about the process of submitting parts and materials data in Agilent's Material Declaration
Requirements.
Agilent requires Waste Electronic and Electrical Equipment (WEEE) labeling for all OEM end
user products. See Agilent's OEM WEEE Requirements.
Contact Information
For questions about Agilent's RoHS & WEEE compliance expectations for suppliers, please
ask your Agilent contact to refer you to someone in Agilent's Regulatory Affairs.
Requirements for Agilent's Direct Material Suppliers
Agilent General Specification for the Environment
Agilent's Materials Declaration Requirements
OEM WEEE Requirements