Food Processing Contaminants
Testing & Analysis
1 2 3
Monitor Your Processes to Ensure Food Safety and Quality
Food processing contaminants are unwanted and potentially harmful chemical by-products, formed
when food undergoes some sort of processing reaction, such as heating, drying, or fermentation.
Determining the levels of food processing contaminants is essential to ensure food safety and quality.
Agilent provides process contaminant testing solutions for continuously monitoring levels of
processing contaminants such as acrylamide, monochloropropanediols (MCPDs), and polyaromatic
hydrocarbons (PAHs).
Contact Us
Quantification of Acrylamide in a Variety of Food
Matrices by LC/MS/MS
A method for the quantitation of acrylamide in food matrices using an
Agilent 1290 Infinity II LC coupled to an Agilent 6470 Triple Quadrupole
LC/MS system with Agilent MassHunter workstation software. This method
for detection of food processing contaminants was applied to raw potato,
potato chips (three different brands), processed black olives, raw and
roasted salted almonds, raw hazelnut, roasted salted pistachios, and ready-
to-drink coffee.
Read now
Determination of 2-MCPD and 3-MCPD Fatty Acid
Esters in Infant Formula
A reliable analytical method for simultaneous determination of 2-MCPD and
3-MCPD fatty acid esters in infant formula in a single assay using the
Agilent 8890 GC system and Agilent 5977B GC/MSD system. Optimized
sample prep and GC/MS conditions resulted in a robust and reliable
workflow for identifying food processing contaminants.Read now
Determination of 19 Polycyclic Aromatic
Hydrocarbon Compounds in Salmon and Beef
This application note presents the development and validation of a
multiresidue method for the analysis of multiple polycyclic aromatic
hydrocarbon (PAH) residues in salmon and beef. The Agilent Captiva EMR—
Lipid Cleanup, followed by analysis using GC/MS/MS provide a method that
demonstrates acceptable recoveries (50–120 %) of all 19 PAHs, and
excellent reproducibility, with LOQs below required EU Commission levels.
Read now
Process Contaminant Testing Solutions
Analysis of Trace Elements in Contaminants Screening using Analysis of FAMEs, Fatty Acids,
Palm Oil using ICP-MS GC/Q-TOF and Triglycerides
More sensitivity for process Method for contaminants screening Take charge of process contaminant
contaminant analysis using the Agilent using high‑resolution GC/Q-TOF and an testing: select the perfect J&W GC
7850 ICP-MS method meets stringent expanded accurate mass library of column for your FAMEs, fatty acids, and
detection levels for trace elements in pesticides and environmental pollutants. triglycerides application requirements.
palm oil.
Read now Read now
Read now
Additional Resources
Assessment of Bisphenol A Specific Migration from Packaging Materials into Foods using UHPLC-
MS/MS and LC with Fluorescence Detection
Determination of 14 Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbon Compounds in Edible OilMulti-Element Analysis of Foods using Fast Sequential-Flame AAS
60-Second Screening of Foods using the Agilent QuickProbe GC/MS System
Ensuring System Suitability for cis-trans FAMEs Analysis by AOAC 2012.13 on an Agilent 8890 GC
with Retention Time Locking
Analysis of Foods and Beverages Using Atomic Absorption Spectrometry
Elemental Analysis of Palm Oil using ICP-OES
Related Products
6475 Triple Quadrupole 1260 Infinity II LC System 5977C GC/MSD 8890 GC System
LC/MS
For HPLC or UHPLC applications, The most reliable and Exceeds uptime and performance
A smart, sensitive, and versatile with a pressure range up to 600 bar trusted single expectations with built-in
LC/MS/MS system for routine and flow rates up to 10 mL/min. quadrupole GC/MS intelligence and remote access.
analysis that maximizes uptime ... instrument
Category: LC/MS Instruments Category: HPLC Systems Category: GC/MS Category: GC Systems
Instruments
 
1 - 4 of 10 results 1 2 3
We’re here to help you with your food & beverage testing applications.
Visit our Contact page to connect with an Agilent representative. You can also sign up to receive the
latest information from Agilent related to food & beverage applications, including educational events,
webinars, products and more.
Request more information
DE44434.6409375