Community Relations: Community and Giving
Community Relations and Corporate Giving
Agilent Technologies is committed to being an economic, intellectual and social asset to each nation and
community where we operate.
Agilent in Our Communities
Agilent's worldwide community programs tangibly demonstrate the company's values and commitment to corporate citizenship. In communities where we operate, we contribute
through foundation and company grants, employee volunteerism, public policy and community partnerships in the areas of science education, and workplace giving campaigns.
Inspiring the Scientists and Engineers of Tomorrow
Through grants and donations, Agilent supports programs designed to increase student interest and achievement in science education, with an emphasis on populations
underrepresented in the technology industry. Each year Agilent employees throughout the world devote thousands of volunteer hours to increasing student interest in science and
other community activities.
Enriching Lives
Agilent supports essential programs that deliver respect, hope and solutions to communities around the world where Agilent has a presence. In addition to making donations, Agilent
volunteers aid scores of nonprofit agencies each year during community service events.
Learn how Agilent employee volunteers are inspiring minds and enriching lives in your community.
For information about Agilent Community involvement activities, please contact the Agilent Public Affairs Manager in your area.
Contributing Worldwide
Agilent Technologies and its Foundation are focused primarily on science education in communities worldwide where Agilent has a presence. In addition, Agilent supports a broad
range of nonprofit programs through its annual giving campaign in the United States and Canada, and to designated community organizations in other areas of the world.
Agilent’s Corporate Citizenship Report
Read how Agilent is fulfilling its corporate citizenship responsibilities in our Agilent’s Corporate Citizenship Report.