Energy & Chemical GC Analyzers
Biodiesel Analyzers
Agilent Biodiesel Analyzers are solutions for biodiesel, biogas, and fuel ethanol testing.
They are used to characterize raw materials, monitor chemical conversions, ensure
process efficiency, and validate product quality, ensuring the highest quality standards
from feedstock to final products.
Our biodiesel analyzers are ready-to-go systems that include proven analytical methods
and advanced features that enable your lab to quickly validate biofuel methods that
conform to ASTM and EN standards for FAMEs, glycerin/glyceride, and trace methanol
measurements.

REQUEST QUOTE RELATED PRODUCTS
8890 GC System with 7693A Automatic Liquid
Sampler
Product Details Features
Features Pre-configured per industry standards and chemically tested to ensure optimal analytical performance
for biodiesel and other biofuels such as fuel ethanol and biogas
Literature
Optimized for biofuel applications including column, consumables, calibration/checkout samples, and
Support analytical method so you do not have to spend time configuring individual components
Includes DVD with optimized data system method for the specific analysis, method-specific quick start
Related Products
guide for faster method development, and application-specific factory test results from the specific
analyzer
On-site installation and check out of the analyzer performance by a factory certified technician
confirms that your instrument and application meet Agilent’s analytical performance criteria
System familiarization ensures that your team is ready to go so that calibration and validation can
immediately follow system installation
Return to top
Literature
 Key Literature
Analyzer Solutions Guide for the Energy and Chemical Industry
In this guide, you will find Agilent's complete energy and chemical analyzer portfolio.
Brochures / English / 04 Mar 2021 / 2.23 MB / PDF
 Application Notes
Return to top
Support
 Site Preparation Checklists
Agilent GC 8890 Site Preparation Checklist
Agilent GC 8890 Site Preparation ChecklistSite Preparation Checklists / English / 27 Jul 2023 / 1.69 MB / PDF
Return to top 
0 part selected. Clear All
Related Products
COMPARE
8890 GC System 7693A Automatic Liquid 7650A Automatic Liquid
Sampler Sampler
Exceeds uptime and
performance expectations Improve lab productivity Fast and precise
with built-in intelligence with fast, precise automatic injections of up
and remote access. injections and upgrade as to 50 samples.
your lab needs evolve.
Category: GC Systems Category: GC Sample
Category: GC Sample Preparation & Introduction
Preparation & Introduction
7696A Sample Prep Micro GC Biogas Analyzer
Workbench
Get results in the lab and
Eliminate manual sample in the field for the analysis
handling errors to improve of biogas and related
reproducibility of GC and sample streams.
GC/MS results.
Category: GC Analyzers
Category: GC Sample
Preparation & Introduction
Return to top 