Water Testing
Comprehensive Monitoring of a Vital Resource
Growing population, climate change, and industrial contamination are some of the issues that cause
water stress and impact water quality. Analytical testing to ensure water quality and safety is essential
for health and the ecosystem. Comprehensive water testing includes analysis of regulated pollutants
like pesticides, semi-volatile organic compounds, metals, disinfection byproducts, and emerging
contaminants like PFAS, hormones, and many unknown chemicals. For over 45 years, Agilent has been
a market leader in providing complete solutions for water quality testing and analysis including sample
preparation, consumables, instrumentation, and expert training.
Contact UsWater Testing Applications
PFAS in Water Microplastics Analysis in Water
Agilent offers comprehensive workflows for extraction, screening, Agilent provides spectroscopic and GC-based solutions for
quantification, and reporting of PFAS in water samples. comprehensive characterization of microplastics in environmental
water samples.
Learn more
Learn more
Semi-volatile Organic Compounds (sVOCs) Analysis in Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) Analysis in Water
Water
Agilent supplies complete solutions for VOC analysis, including
GC/MS systems and headspace analyzers, for methods such as
To achieve best results for EPA 8270, 625, and 525, use Agilent
EPA 8260, 624, and 524.1.
SVOC products including sample preparation, GC and GC/MS,
columns, and more.
Learn more
Learn moreAlgal Toxins and Taste & Odor Disinfection Byproducts (DBPs) Testing for Hormones in Water
Analysis in Water Analysis in Water
Sensitive, precise detection of hormones
that fulfill regulatory standards such as
Agilent provides a range of solutions for Agilent provides complete testing
EPA 539 is made possible with Agilent
sensitive, robust analysis of algal toxins solutions for analysis of DBPs including
LC/MS solutions.
and for off-odor compounds such as THMs and HAAs in water to meet EPA
MIB and geosmin. and other regulatory standards.
Learn more
Learn more Learn more
Metals Analysis in Water Nanoparticles Analysis in Water Non-Targeted Analysis in Water
Agilent ICP-MS and ICP-OES instruments Agilent spectroscopy instruments like Accurately identify unknown and
provide fast analysis times, robust ICP-MS and ICP-QQQ systems provide emerging chemicals in water or perform
performance, and ease of use for accurate, reliable, and quantitative suspect screening using Agilent high-
demanding metal analysis in water. nanoparticle characterization. resolution accurate mass systems.
Learn more Learn more Learn morePersistent Organic Pollutants Pesticides Analysis in Water Pharmaceutical & Personal Care
(POPs) Analysis in Water Products (PPCPs) Analysis in
Agilent offers solutions for pesticide
testing and analysis, such as sample Water
Sensitive and reliable analysis of POPs
preparation products, chromatography,
such as dioxins, PCBs, PAHs, and PBDEs
and mass spectrometry systems. Sensitive, robust, and accurate analysis
in water is easier than ever with
of PPCPs in water with comprehensive
comprehensive Agilent solutions.
Agilent LC/MS solutions.
Learn more
Learn more
Learn more
We’re here to help you with your environmental testing applications.
Visit our Contact page to connect with an Agilent representative. You can also sign up to receive the
latest information from Agilent related to environmental testing applications, including educational
events, webinars, products and more.
Request more information
DE44462.5871180556