Soil, Sediment & Solid Waste
Testing
1 2
Keep Up with the Growing List of Environmental Contaminants and
Regulations for Soil Testing
The analysis of soil, sediment, and solid waste contaminants and their effects on human health and
crops are critically important areas of environmental monitoring. Regulations across the world are
becoming increasingly stringent and the list of harmful substances that must be analyzed is growing,
requiring the most accurate and sensitive testing solutions with very low detection limits.
The scope of soil testing can range from the analysis of trace toxic metals to organic contaminants,
including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), microplastics, nanoparticles, per-
and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), pharmaceuticals, and personal care products as well as many
unknown and emerging contaminants. Due to existing regulations promulgated by the European Unions
(EU), United States Environmental Protectin Agilency (US EPA), and other agencies, petroleum
hydrocarbons and a wide variety of pesticides and herbicides must also be tested for. Many of these
compounds are human-made chemicals that are used and produced in industrial, manufacturing, and
agricultural activities.
To meet increasingly tough regulatory and budgetary challenges, environmental laboratories must
deliver accurate results faster, more reliably, and more cost-effectively than ever before. Whether you are
measuring environmental samples at the lowest levels of detection, or doing routine screening, Agilent
has a solution for you. Agilent's range of laboratory and field equipment, along with decades of
technical expertise, ensures the highest standards of soil, sediment, and solid waste analysis. Tools
featuring ICP-MS, ICP-OES, MP-AES, GC/MS, LC/MS, and mobile FTIR instruments along with sample
preparation, instrument columns, and software solutions allow Agilent to support the entire workflow to
fit needs for diverse testing requirements in soil, sediment and solid waste. Access over 40 years of
environmental analysis and regulatory expertise to confidently measure nearly any set of inorganic or
organic chemicals in soil.
Contact UsSoil, Sediment & Solid Waste Testing Applications
PFAS Soil Testing Microplastics Analysis in Soil
Agilent offers comprehensive workflows for extraction, screening, Microplastics complexity, lack of standard methods, and varying
quantification, and reporting of PFAS in soil samples. experimental goals point to needs for complementary analytical
approaches.
Learn more
Learn more
Semi-volatile Organic Volatile Organic Compounds Metals Analysis in Soil
Compounds (sVOCs) Analysis in (VOCs) Analysis in Soil
Accurate measurement of metals in soil
Soil and other solids requires quantitation of
Robust, accurate VOC measurement in
a wide array of elements at varying
soil is essential to understanding the
The array of target sVOCs, range of concentrations.
degree of contamination and cleanup
concentrations, and difficulties in
required.
maintaining instrument cleanliness
Learn more
demand innovative analytical solutions.
Learn more
Learn moreNanoparticles Analysis in Soil Non-Targeted Analysis for Soil Persistent Organic Pollutants
(POPs) Analysis in Soil
Need for rapid, accurate, and sensitive Confident detection and identification of
characterization and quantitation of a emerging and unknown contaminants in
Trace analysis of the diverse classes of
range of nanoparticles in diverse soil and solids requires high-resolution
POPs in environmental matrices
matrices continues to grow. non-targeted workflows.
demands unparalleled sensitivity,
robustness, and reliability.
Learn more Learn more
Learn more
Pesticides Analysis in Soil Pharmaceuticals & Personal Total Petroleum Hydrocarbons
Care Products (PPCPs) Analysis (TPH) Analysis in Soil
Increasingly complex pesticide residues
testing drives needs for faster analysis, in Soil
Whether it’s in the lab or field, measuring
reproducibly high performance, and
hydrocarbon contamination in soil is a
sensitive quantification. Comprehensive analysis of the myriad of
critical step toward preventing
low-level PPCPs in environmental
environmental contamination.
matrices points to the need for targeted
Learn more
and non-targeted approaches.
Learn more
Learn more
We’re here to help you with your environmental testing applications.
Visit our Contact page to connect with an Agilent representative. You can also sign up to receive the
latest information from Agilent related to environmental testing applications, including educational
events, webinars, products and more.
Request more information
DE38135221