AGILENT UK: MODERN SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT (FY22)
INTRODUCTION
Agilent Technologies LDA UK Limited (“Agilent UK”) is the reporting entity for this submission. The Modern
Slavery Act 2015 provides consumers with information regarding manufacturers’ and retailers’ efforts to address
the issue of slavery and human trafficking. Agilent UK is fully committed to combatting slavery and human
trafficking, both in the UK and in its worldwide operations.
ORGANISATION STRUCTURE
Agilent UK has a registered address of 5500 Lakeside, Cheadle Royal Business Park, Cheadle, Cheshire SK8 3GR
with a company number 08815891.
Agilent UK has 558 employees (as of 31 March 2023). Agilent UK generated revenues of approximately GBP£163
million in fiscal year 2022 (“FY22”).
The ultimate parent company of Agilent UK is Agilent Technologies, Inc. (“Agilent”), which has its head office in
Santa Clara, California, USA. Agilent employs 18,000 people worldwide and operates in more than 100 countries.
Agilent’s stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “A.” Agilent generated
revenues of $6.85 billion in FY22. Agilent’s efforts to combat slavery and human trafficking pre-date the
introduction of the Modern Slavery Act 2015, as Agilent has also taken steps to ensure compliance with the
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act 2010.
OUR BUSINESS
Agilent is a leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets. The company provides laboratories
worldwide with instruments, services, consumables, applications and expertise, enabling customers to gain the
insights they seek. Agilent’s expertise and trusted collaboration give them the highest confidence in our
solutions.
Agilent’s business is organised into the following business units:
• Life Sciences and Applied Systems Group (LSAG): Our LSAG business provides application-focused
solutions that include instruments and software that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze
the physical and biological properties of substances and products, as well as enable customers in the
clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level.
• Diagnostics and Genomics Group (DGG): Our DGG business is comprised of six areas of activity
providing active pharmaceutical ingredients for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions that
include reagents, instruments, software and consumables that enable customers in the clinical and life
sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level.
• Agilent Crosslab Group (ACG): Our ACG business spans the entire laboratory with its extensive
consumables and services portfolio, which is designed to improve customer outcomes. The majority of
the portfolio is vendor neutral, meaning Agilent can serve and supply customers regardless of their
instrument purchase choices. Solutions range from chemistries and supplies to services and software
helping to connect the entire laboratory.
Approved by James Wright, Director: 26 April 2023
Printed copies of this document are uncontrolled.• Order Fulfilment Services (OFS): OFS focuses on order fulfilment and supply chain operations in our
businesses. OFS provides resources for manufacturing, engineering and strategic sourcing to our
respective businesses.
• Global Infrastructure Organisation (GIO): We provide support to our businesses through our GIO. This
support includes services in the areas of finance, tax, treasury, legal, real estate, insurance services,
workplace services, human resources, information technology services, order administration and other
corporate infrastructure expenses.
Agilent UK’s main operations involve research and development, manufacturing, and sale of Agilent
products and services.
OUR SUPPLY CHAINS
Agilent UK’s supply chain for the core products that it sells in the UK is primarily via Agilent’s manufacturing
facilities and intercompany arrangements with other parts of the Agilent Group. Agilent has manufacturing
facilities in Australia, China, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, the United
Kingdom, and the United States. These facilities manufacture analytical and diagnostic products for life sciences,
diagnostics, and applied chemical markets.
Agilent UK also has other direct suppliers outside of the UK, which are predominantly from China, Germany,
Malaysia, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United States. These suppliers provide component parts,
electronics, and packaging for the production and manufacturing of Agilent products.
Agilent UK has direct suppliers in the UK to support its business in the UK, including suppliers of professional
services (e.g. solicitors, accountants), facilities management, logistics and travel.
Risks of Modern Slavery
Agilent UK’s supply chain primarily consists of Agilent manufacturing facilities and intercompany arrangements.
Agilent has manufacturing facilities and suppliers in countries spanning the globe, including in China and
Malaysia, which may be considered inherently higher risk. However, we do not believe that Agilent’s operations
or supply chain carry a high risk of modern slavery or that they are causing modern slavery practices. Agilent
screens suppliers for key requirements, which includes modern slavery. Any supplier identified as potentially
high risk will undergo further assessment, and Agilent takes mitigating steps as appropriate.
Approved by James Wright, Director: 26 April 2023
Printed copies of this document are uncontrolled.OUR POLICIES ON SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING
Agilent has zero tolerance for slavery and human trafficking. We are committed to taking steps to avoid modern
slavery and human trafficking in our supply chains or in any part of our business. Our Anti-Slavery Policy reflects
our commitment to acting ethically and with integrity in our business relationships and to implementing and
enforcing systems and controls to help ensure slavery and human trafficking are not taking place anywhere in
our supply chains.
To address the risks of modern slavery in Agilent UK’s operations and supply chain, the following related policies
apply on a worldwide basis within Agilent:
• Agilent’s Standards of Business Conduct:
https://www.agilent.com/supplier/downloads/StandardsBusinessConduct.pdf
• Agilent’s Supplier Code of Conduct:
https://www.agilent.com/supplier/Agilent_Supplier_Code_of_Conduct.pdf
• Statement on Transparency in Supply Chains Act 2010:
http://www.agilent.com/environment/037662_CTISCA_Web_Statement.pdf
• Human Rights and Labour Policy: http://careers.agilent.com/media/6207/agilentrightsandpolicy.pdf
Additionally, Agilent’s Reporting Policy requires employees to report to Agilent any actual or suspected
violations of Agilent’s Standards of Business Conduct or applicable laws, rules, and regulations within Agilent’s
operations or supply chains. Agilent has an Open Door Policy that allows employees to report their concerns to
any level of management and a Compliance Hotline for confidential, secure reporting and anonymous reporting
where permitted by law.
SUPPLIER ADHERENCE TO OUR VALUES / DUE DILIGENCE PROCESSES FOR SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING
We require all suppliers to adhere to Agilent’s Supplier Code of Conduct. The Supplier Code of Conduct requires
supplier compliance with human rights and anti-trafficking laws throughout their operations (including, but not
limited to, the operations of their own suppliers and any permitted sub-contractors) and respect for human rights
in accordance with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We have implemented a system
for distributing the Supplier Code of Conduct to all suppliers at onboarding and thereafter on an annual basis
according to risk or strategic importance. Our supplier terms and conditions and other agreements expressly
require adherence to the Supplier Code of Conduct.
To help ensure supplier compliance with our values, and as part of our initiative to identify and mitigate risk
within our supply chain, we undertake supplier due diligence on our globally managed suppliers (representing
over 80% of spend on direct materials suppliers) and select indirect suppliers. Our due diligence process is
designed to identify, assess, and mitigate potential risk areas in our supply chains, including risks of modern
slavery.
Approved by James Wright, Director: 26 April 2023
Printed copies of this document are uncontrolled.Agilent is committed to continuous improvement, and we continually review the regulations and identify ways to
enhance our supplier compliance programme. In FY21, Agilent launched enhanced procedures to further embed
modern slavery considerations into our due diligence, monitoring, and auditing processes. We continued with
that program in FY22 and expanded it to more suppliers. This included implementation of supplier certifications,
enhanced modern slavery risk assessments as part of the due diligence process, and mandatory auditing for
suppliers determined to be high risk for modern slavery. With all updates in global modern slavery laws, we
continually look for ways to improve our processes to identify and mitigate the risk of slavery and human
trafficking in our supply chain.
TRAINING
To ensure a high level of understanding of the risks of modern slavery and human trafficking in our supply chains
and our business, we provide training to our staff involved with procurement.
ASSESSING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF OUR ACTIONS IN COMBATING SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING
We are working to understand the effectiveness of the efforts detailed in this statement to combat slavery and
human trafficking in our business and supply chains. We continue to work with our Supplier Compliance
Functional Partner Team, which is a cross-functional group that periodically meets to provide feedback and
recommendations on Agilent’s supplier compliance program in view of applicable regulations, including human
trafficking and anti-slavery laws. In FY22 we continued to evaluate tools to improve our capability of evaluating
supplier compliance, especially modern slavery and human trafficking in our supply chain. In FY23, we plan to
test a new tool that gives us more capability in this area.
In addition, Agilent employs an independent third party to audit and evaluate select suppliers’ compliance with
our Supplier Code of Conduct. In cases where there are issues with adherence to Agilent’s supplier
expectations, corrective actions are implemented and monitored by Agilent’s third-party auditor DEKRA. All
corrective actions for FY22 are being completed in accordance with agreed remediation plans.
Agilent is unaware of any operations or suppliers identified as having significant risk for incidents of modern
slavery.
Further Information
Agilent is committed to our mission of advancing the quality of life. You can read more about our
environmental, social and governance activities and how we advance the UN sustainable development
goals in our annual Corporate Social Responsibility report.
https://www.agilent.com/about/companyinfo/sustainability/
Approved by James Wright, Director: 26 April 2023
Printed copies of this document are uncontrolled.CONCLUSION
This statement is made pursuant to section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Agilent
UK’s slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ending 31 October 2022. This statement
was approved by the Board of Directors on 26 April 2023.
___________________
James Wright, Director
Date: 26 April 2023
Approved by James Wright, Director: 26 April 2023
Printed copies of this document are uncontrolled.