Agilent Technologies Human Rights and Labor Policy
Agilent acknowledges and respects the fundamental principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights. Agilent’s core values and culture reflect a commitment to ethical business practices and good corporate
citizenship. Our policies and practices require Agilent to conduct our business with uncompromising integrity
and to promote human rights within the company’s sphere of influence.
Freely-chosen employment: Agilent supports the elimination of all forms of forced, bonded or involuntary prison
labor.
No Child Labor: Agilent condemns all forms of exploitation of children. Agilent will not recruit child labor and
supports the elimination of exploitive child labor.
Minimum Wages: Agilent will compensate our employees with wages and benefits that meet or exceed the
legally required minimum.
Working Hours: Agilent will not require employees to work more than the maximum hours of daily labor set by
local laws.
No Discrimination: Agilent supports and upholds the elimination of discriminatory practices with respect to
employment, and promotes and embraces diversity in all aspects of its business operations. Our policies
prohibit discrimination based on race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
ethnicity, religion, disability, veteran status, national origin or any protected class.
No Harsh or Inhumane Treatment: Agilent prohibits physical abuse, harassment or the threat of either. Agilent
will provide a safe and healthy working environment for all of its employees.
Freedom of Association: Agilent respects the rights of employees to organize in labor unions in accordance
with local laws and established practice, if desired.
Ethical Business Conduct: Agilent’s Standards of Business Conduct requires that business be conducted with
honesty and reflects high ethical standards that are the basis for achieving our goals. The standards establish
clear ethical guidelines for how we do business and establish accountability. All employees are expected to
comply with these standards.
Agilent Technologies Supplier Environmental and Social Responsibility Code of Conduct: Agilent’s suppliers
are required to support and promote the fundamental human rights referenced in this document.
This policy is approved by Agilent's executive management and applies to Agilent operations worldwide.
Printed copies of this document are uncontrolled.
Update May 2012