Agilent's Materials Declaration Requirements
About Agilent Material Declaration Overview
Company Information
Agilent prefers that its suppliers provide a RoHS compliance declaration using the form we
Investor Relations
provide when requesting data.
Newsroom
Careers
If a supplier is unable to provide a declaration using the Agilent form, the minimum Agilent will
Community Relations accept is a Certificate of Compliance (COC)
Working with Agilent
However, the use of a COC will require more frequent interaction between suppliers and
Overview
Agilent as regulations change.
Supplier Resources
U.S. Government Introduction
University Relations
Agilent requires hazardous and restricted material composition data for the purchased materials used
Quality Policy &amp;
in Agilent's products, including parts procured on Agilent's behalf by third parties, such as contract
Resources
manufacturers, distributors, and third-party logistics suppliers.
Environmental Policy &amp;
Social Responsibility
To meet the various requirements of our customers and product chemical content restrictions imposed
by numerous country laws and regulations, Agilent must maintain material composition data on
Other Supplier Resources:
hazardous substances.
Environmental and Social
Agilent requests data about regulated hazardous substance content of materials in order to trade in
Responsibility Expectations
legal compliance worldwide - we do not ask suppliers about other, non-regulated substances.
Supplier Performance Expectations
Agilent's General Specification for the Environment (GSE) consolidates all material restrictions into
Quality Requirements
one document, which covers environmental laws in the Americas, Asia-Pacific and Europe.
Supplier Diversity
ERP Information Agilent's Materials Declaration Requirements sets forth materials and substances that must be
Purchase Order Terms & Conditions reported to Agilent on a general basis. It not only includes a list of banned substances, but also
for Suppliers defines the process for completing the report and returning the information to Agilent.
Receiving a Materials Composition Data Request
If your company receives a material composition data request from Agilent, please cooperate with the
request when it is received, regardless of whether your sales are direct to Agilent or exclusively to
third parties.
Reporting Tools and Training
Disclosures must be provided using the Agilent compliance form. The form is Microsoft Excel-based.
Data MaintenanceEnvironmental Compliance data that has aged four years since its initial collection shall be validated
with the supplier;
Data Validation: Validating data that Agilent already has; a simple verification activity that does NOT
require new materials compliance information to be collected covering as a minimum:
EU RoHS Compliance state, and
Any EU RoHS Exemptions applied
Following a successful review, Data Validation only requires the date of the supplier's response to be
recorded.
Contact Information
For questions about Agilent's restricted substances compliance and reporting expectations for
suppliers, please ask your Agilent contact to refer you to a product environmental compliance expert
for their business unit.
Requirements for Agilent's Direct Material Suppliers
Agilent General Specification for the Environment
OEM WEEE Requirements
Agilent RoHS Requirements